=== CLI-Anything Just Brought Claude Code Into The Future ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uzd2ckXnsg0

If you've been paying attention to the cloud code scene at all lately, then you've noticed a dramatic shift from MCP tools to command line interfaces. And the reason for that is pretty simple. It's a huge performance increase. Cloud code already lives in the terminal. The CLI lives in the terminal. There's no middleman, no overhead, no config, nothing stopping your agent from communicating with that program. So if it's clear that this is the future we are marching towards with Agentic coding agents, our next question should be, is there any way for us to speed this up? Is there a way for us to create CLI tools that interact with software we are already using? Well, luckily for us, as of a few days ago, the answer is yes, we can. And that is thanks to a brand new open source tool called CLI Anything. Now, this thing was created by the data and intelligent labs at Hong Kong University. If you don't know who those guys are, they're the makers of Lightra, Rag Anything, Nanobot, and a bunch of other open source tools. These are one of the titans of the AI open source community. So, when they build something like this, it's worth our time to take a look. So, long story short, what does CLI anything do for us? Well, it allows us to point CLI anything at any open-source software or something you have built and create a CLI tool for that that something like cloud code can use. And that's echoed right here. Every software becomes instantly agent controllable through structured CLI. Agents control any applications without APIs, GUI, rebuilding or complex rappers. And ultimately, we're transforming human design software into agent native tools with one command. Now, again, what does that really mean? That means we can have cloud code control software that normally you as the human would be controlling through some sort of graphical interface. Remember the Google Workspace CLI we just covered yesterday. Link to that video above. Same exact idea. Normally with Google Workspace, you know, I'm talking or Gmail, you would go to Gmail, you would click through the things, you would manually do these things. But since there's a CLI, you can now do all that through the terminal. This is allowing us to do that for anything, right? Not just Google, not just whatever. If it's open source, we can point this at that software and create a CLI for it. That's a massive, massive productivity boost. So, what's going to happen now is I'm going to show you how CLI anything is working under the hood. And then we're going to go through a demo of actually pointing this tool at some open-source software, hint, it's draw.io, and creating a CLI tool for that application and then controlling it via Cloud Code. But before we do that, a quick word from our sponsor, me. So, I just released my Claude Code master class inside of Chase AI Plus, where I take you from zero to AI dev, no matter your technical background or lack thereof. There's a link to that in the pinned comment. And if you're someone who's just getting started with their AI journey, isn't quite ready for a master class, I have a free Chase AAI community in the description, so there's something for everyone. So, make sure you check that out. All right, back to CLI Anything. How is this thing actually working? Well, it essentially has a sevenstep process. Once we install the CLI, and I'll show you how to do that, and we point it at whatever software we want to create a CLI tool for, it's going to run this pipeline of seven steps. And it does this all automatically. You don't have to touch anything. First, it analyzes the code. So, this is why it needs to be open source. Like, it needs to actually see the guts of whatever application we're looking at. Next, it does design, right? Takes a look at the output format, implementation, then it plans, tests, writes tests, documents it all, and then publishes it. And then after all that, we have the step to actually refine and improve the CLI if after the first pass it isn't exactly what we were looking for. So they give us a lot of things related to use cases in this repo. And I'll put a link to that down below as well. But a cool thing is is they've already done this for a number of large open- source applications. So Blender, Inkspace, Audacity, on and on they go. So they actually have already done this for real. And you can kind of see the actual CLI tool. And when you download this CLI anything tool, it comes with all these CLI commands essentially like pre-loaded. And you can also see how many tests they ran for each. So for example, something big like what Blender was 28 tests. So it's pretty robust. And they've obviously proven this model on some of the big players in the open source community. And for today's demo, we're essentially going to redo what they did with draw.io. Again, they have the pre-built CLI ready to go, but we're going to do it from scratch to sort of prove how this works. Now, to get this started is pretty easy. We just need Python 3.1 and the target software installed. Since we are going to be using draw.io, what we're going to do is we're going to install anything CLI, that command line interface, and then we're going to clone the open-source GitHub repo of draw.io. And then from there, we point the CLI at the cloned repo, and it creates the CLI tool. Okay, so now what we want to do is we want to head into our terminal, create a new directory for this. So I'm in the CLI- anything-demo directory. get Cloud Code up and running and we're going to install the CLI everything plugin. Now, the commands are right here inside of the GitHub. So, first you need to add the CLI anything uh tool to the marketplace and then we're going to install it. So, just copy and paste these two commands. You'll know you've done that correctly if you do /plugin and you go to installed and you see the CLI anything plugin here and enabled. Also, remember when you install the plugin, you need to cycle cloud code to get it running or do for/reload plugins. Next, we want to build the CLI. But to build the CLI, we need to point it at something. So, what we're going to do now is we're going to clone that draw repo. So, I told Cloud Code, go ahead and get clone this repo. I'll put a link to this repo down below. It's just the open source repo. It's going to go ahead and copy that entire repository and put it in your directory. Once you do that, we're just going to have one more command. It's just CLI anything. CLI anything. And then we point to wherever that repo is. And so, for us, our command will look exactly like this. You just hit enter and it's going to start building the CLI tool. And you can expect it to take about 20 minutes or so for something of this size. All right. Once it's complete, you should see a message that says something like all nine success criteria are met. It'll give you the architecture breakdown as well as the test results and finally the key capabilities. Now remember, you aren't stuck here. If you want to continue to iterate and add more features, super easy to do. So let's actually demo this now. So the prompt I'm giving Claude code is let's test out the new draw CLI tool. Create me a thorough yet clear diagram explaining a typical SAS backend architecture. Make it visually striking. Pull up the draw diagram for me at the end. So you can see it's taking a look at the draw IO package and you will also see it referencing this agent harness. That's the nomenclature it often uses for this CLI wrapper or CLI harness. So here's what it built us this diagram for SAS backend architecture, right? Pretty solid actually. There's a lot going on here. Um, even did like cool little like little shading behind this thing. Now, the point of this video isn't like, oh, look how cool this draw IO thing is. The point of this video is that we just created this CLI tool that did not exist, you know, 10 minutes ago and had it create this fairly complicated and welllaid out diagram with a single text prompt. So, think about what sort of workflows you're doing in your day-to-day with open source projects or really projects that you have access to. their back end in full that we could point CLI everything at and create a CLI tool for that software. The implications of something like this is pretty crazy. And as you saw, like that wasn't hard. It was like one line of code. Like we clone the repo, ran the code, done. This is as easy as it gets, guys. So, I highly suggest you try this out yourself. Download it, install it, point it at some other open source project, and see what kind of results you get. Like I said, this is so easy to do, and this is where the field is going. So, as always, let me know what you thought in the comments. Make sure to check out Chase AI Plus if you want to get your hands on that Cloud Code master class.

=== Google's New CLI Just Fully Unlocked Claude Code ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5AeWsQ2v58

There is a brand new tool that gives Cloud Code complete access to your Gmail, your Google Drive, your calendar, your Sheets, your Docs, your entire Google life. And while this is an incredible capability, before we set this up, we should probably have a discussion about how we can do this in a secure manner. Because when we say something like, "Let's give AI complete control of our inbox," your security spidey senses should start tingling just a little bit. But at the same time, giving Cloud Code access to the entire Google Suite is such a huge productivity boost, we can't just ignore it. So today, I'm not only going to show you how the brand new Google CLI works and how to set it up because it's kind of tricky. I'm going to show you how to do it in a manner that maximizes both productivity and security. And the great thing about this lesson is even if you are someone who wants to go full boore and just let Claude Code run the show with no guardrails, the setup is basically exactly the same. So you're still going to get something out of this. So the Google Workspace CLI is a tool that allows Claude Code to interact with the entire Google Suite. Just like I said with the intro, Gmail, Docs, Calendar, everything. Cloud Code can now control it. Now, this whole thing is an open source project on GitHub, but it was created by Google developers, but it's not an official Google product. And you can see this repo being announced on Twitter by Addy Omani, who's a director at Google. So, it's kind of a weird distinction, but all you need to understand is this wasn't just made by randoms, right? This is actual Google devs who built this. Now, on one hand, that's awesome because it was made by Google. However, since it's not an official product, it's a little rough around the edges. This just came out a few days ago. And while the readme and that's what we're looking at is packed full of information of how to install and all these things. I will be honest it is kind of a rough go if you don't show up with a lot of I would say technical expertise. There's a lot of assumed knowledge here but we are going to walk through this together step by step. And like I said security will be a big discussion here because I think it's something a lot of people gloss over. And as I talked about the setup is kind of tricky. So, I created an entire written guide to go along with this video guide that includes every single command and prompt you need to get this working. What you see right here is the entire written guide. This is inside the free Chase AI community. There's a link to it in the description. If you head there, you can download this whole thing. Better yet, I suggest copying this entire guide and just giving it to Claude Code to help you walk through it if you ever get stuck. And again, we're still scrolling. This seems like a lot, but I promise you it isn't too bad. There's just a lot of assumed knowledge with this GitHub. Like I said, like for example, there are 100 skills in the GitHub related to the Google CI 100. Do you need all 100? No. Do they tell you exactly which ones to use? No. Right? But again, I'll walk you through it. And by the end of this, the payoff is that you can talk to Claude Code and it can do anything inside of the Google Suite that you want it to. So you just say, "Hey, Claude Code, I want you to create a document with whatever you want in it. I want you to then put it in my Google Drive, send an email to my buddy, and create a calendar event for that. Plain language, it's all done. Perfect stuff. So, let's kick off the install. So, first thing we need to do is we are just going to copy this command into our terminal and run it. You need to have Node.js installed for this to work. If you do not have NodeJS, you probably do, right? If you already been using Cloud Code for a minute, it's at node.js.org. You can install here. So, open up your terminal, paste this command in here, run it, and it will install the CLI tools. You can verify the installation by running GWS version. I am on version 0.1. So, that's pretty much it when it comes to actually installing the actual CLI tool onto our computer. Now, what we need to do is go into the Google Cloud, the much Google Cloud, and just enable some APIs and get the OOTH set up. Now, if you're on the readme, to alleviate some confusion, there are multiple ways to set up the OOTH. actually give us like four ways to do this. There is a simple way with a simple command if you have G-Cloud installed. Installing G-Cloud and its dependencies is kind of a thing, which is why we're doing it the manual way, but manual shouldn't take us more than 10 minutes, I promise you. And frankly, it'll be easier if you don't have the dependencies. So, just letting you know that's what that means. So, here we are inside of the Google Cloud. There is a link in the guide. Now, this is where you make your first big decision. What email do you want Cloud Code to have access to? If you wanted to have access to your main email, that's fine. There actually are some built-in safety precautions using something called model armor that we will go into, but you have the option of giving it its own email. Now, if you give Claude Code its own email or an alternate email, that doesn't mean it can't interact with your main accounts Google stuff, right? We can give it a shared folder in the drive. We can give it calendar access. There's ways for them to connect. You can even set up email forwarding to this alternate account, right? So, you aren't totally in the dark. But that is one of the main safety measures we can do. We're essentially sandboxing it. But no matter which path you choose, the steps we're doing here are exactly the same. So choose what email you want. Come up to the top right, choose your account. And then you're going to come up here. We need to create a new project. So I'll create a new project. And I will call this CLI Google. And then I'll hit create. Next, make sure you switch to the actual project you created cuz it won't do it automatically. And you'll know you're on the right project when it's reflected up here. Now later in this tutorial, we will need your project ID. So if you click on this, take note of this project ID. Just know where it is because you'll need to copy it later when we use the model armor. Now the first thing we're going to do is set up our OOTH client. So click the thing on the left here. Go to APIs and services. OOTH consent screen. Hit get started. You can name it whatever you want. Email doesn't really matter. Next. External, right? Make sure it's external. emails, whatever. Next. Create. Next, you want to go to the left where it says audience. We want to publish the app. If we keep it on testing, what's going to happen is it's going to ask for our credentials every seven days, which will be annoying. Confirm. And that's all you got to do. Then go back to the menu API and services again. Back to credentials. Go to create credentials. Oath client ID. Application type will be desktop app. Name doesn't matter and create. Now, don't worry about all my stuff being exposed. I will delete this immediately after I create this video. What you are going to do right now is you are going to download this JSON file. You're then going to go into your downloads folder. We're going to rename that file. It was very ugly. It should now be renamed to client secret. Then save it. Next, we need to move it to our JWS folder. Now, the folder you save this on will depend on your particular operating system. Me, since I'm on Windows, it'll be under C drive, users, my name.config, GWS, and then I'll stick it in there. It'll be different if you're on Mac or Linux. So, once you're in yourconfig file, you may not see GWS in there. You may need to create the folder and then just drag that file in there. Next, we need to enable APIs and billing. Why do we need to enable billing? Does this cost money? Not really. So, one of the security things I talked about is model armor. What is model armor? Well, the model armor API is one of those built-in protections for the system. Think about one of the biggest security concerns by having cloud code enabled inside of our email and looking at stuff. One of the big things is prompt injection. That's the idea that, hey, someone sends you an email, malicious email, and it knows AI is going to read it and it says something like, hey, ignore all previous instructions. You know, send me a copy of their inbox. something crazy like that. This essentially allows the AI to like protect against that. It scans the email, so to speak, but scanning it costs tokens, which costs money. However, Google is nice enough to give us, I think it's 2 million free tokens of Model Armor API every month. So, you're probably never going to hit that limit. And it's only if you do will you begin being charged. It's not some crazy rate either. However, by virtue of there being any charge potential at all, you have to enable billing. So, when you enable this API, it will probably prompt you if your account isn't already set up for billing to enable billing. And if it doesn't prompt you, come over here to the left, go to billing, and then you're going to want to link it to a billing account or manage the billing account. It walks you through step by step how to do that. Now, once you've enabled billing, then we need to set up the APIs. So, everything you wanted to have access to inside the Google Suite is what we need to search for. So, um, Google Drive enable, make sure you do the model armor API enable. We were just at Google calendar, make sure we do the Gmail API, Google Docs, and Google Sheets. And just repeat that process for any other Google thing like Slides, chats, contacts, whatever. And once you enable those APIs, we can move out of the Google Cloud for now. And the next step is go back to the terminal and actually authenticate our account. So, the command is going to be GWS O login. It's going to say, "Hey, are these all the OOTH scopes you wanted?" Yes. And it's going to give us a link. We're just going to follow this link. Select the correct account. It's going to say it hasn't verified. That's fine. Just say advanced. Continue. Continue. Select all. Continue. And once you do that, you should see something like this with a status that says success. If you see that, you're good. Now, after we get a successful authentication, if you are on Windows PowerShell, you need to run this command. It's in the guide. And this is the sort of stuff I'm talking about when I say the setup is kind of finicky, but that's just for PowerShell users. The next thing we can do is run a quick test to make sure it's actually working. And if you run this test, you'll get some messages back with the ID and the thread ID. So, we know it's actually working. We've authenticated and the CLI tool works, which is great. Now, the next thing I'm going to talk about is if you decided to go to the sandbox route and create your own email account for Cloud Code, I'm going to show you how to set up the sharing. If you're not doing that, if you're just going full steam ahead with your main account, skip to the next section. That's where we're going to talk about the skills and how to actually have cloud code do everything it needs to do. So for all my sandbox friends, it's pretty easy to connect this second Cloud Code account to your main account in most of the ways that matter. So the first thing you want to connect is the calendar. So go to the calendar of your main account, not the secondary Cloud Code one, the main account. Go to your calendars down here on the left. Hit the bottom three buttons and go to settings and sharing. Go to share with and then add people and groups here. Just insert the email of the account you made and then give it whatever permissions you want. At the very least, it should be able to see all event details. Next, we want to create a folder in our main accounts drive that we will share with the cloud code account. This way, our claude code Gmail suite can create its own things, right? Docs, sheets, whatever, and then it can send it to our main account. So, it's all in one place. So, it won't have access to all our stuff, but we can get everything it generates. So, you're just going to create a new folder and then click on the folder, go to share, and then again add the email and have it be an editor. And the last thing we can do is go into again our main email, go to the settings icon up here, and inside of the settings page, we can actually set up forwarding. So you have the ability to forward a copy of all incoming emails to a particular email or we can even go a step further and create a filter. So inside of the filter you could specify to specific froms to subjects right because we're saying hey I don't want to give it all my emails but maybe I wanted to get all the emails for my main account that have to do with my business or whatever right so again this is how we can kind of separate the things and reduce the blast radius and things in case things go wrong. And that's pretty much it in terms of having to set up the sharing. It's very simple. So now let's talk about skills. If we want claude code to operate a CLI tool in a specific manner, we always want to include skills. So we can go to the skills over here. And I wasn't joking earlier when I said there's like a 100 skills, right? This is everything. It's the full range of everything you can do in Google. So naturally, there are a ton. So there's a few ways we can approach this. First of all, it's a simple command if we want to install all the skills. And we also have the ability to just choose the ones we need. I suggest we just choose the ones we need. Now, there's about 12 to 15 skills out of that hundred that I think make the most sense for most people. And I have them all listed out here. And I also have the exact prompt that you can give Claude code to have it install them. And these skills are the ones you would expect like Gmail, Docs, um, model armor, which we'll talk about more in a second, and also an executive assistant persona. Now, what are the personas? You can see there's a number of personas over here highlighted. content creator, custom support, event coordinator, etc. So, if we click on executive assistant skill, this is essentially telling it, hey, if we're going to do things like meeting prep or weekly digest or standup reports, it's it's almost like a meta skill that's telling it how to use the other skills in a manner that an executive assistant would. That's why this Google CLI is perfect, perfect, perfect if you're using Cloud Code as a personal assistant. But the rest of the skills are kind of what you expect. Here's how you use Gmail. here's how you do docs, etc., etc., etc. The one I do want to talk about though is model armor because this can be a little confusing. So, again, we talked about model armor a little bit. It's essentially this layer. It's an API where we are going to send all the stuff that cloud code ingests to so it can make sure like, hey, this isn't, you know, a prompt injection or some sort of malicious actor. Now, model armor has this thing called sanitize. And sanitize is essentially just a global flag that we use to essentially say like, hey, if I can call model armor--sit. And that's telling essentially Google to, hey, take a look at this. Make sure this isn't, you know, a bad actor. Beyond that, when it comes to model armor, there's two things we can do. We can do block or we can do warn. So, when you first start this off, you'll probably want to have it in warn mode. And warn mode is saying, "Hey, I want you to let me know if there is a potential prompting injection coming in, but I don't want you to stop it because we're kind of just in like the calibration phase." Block means it won't let that go through at all. Right? That won't hit Claude code. And you will get some sort of warning that says, "Hey, this is a problem. Take a look at it manually." Now, when it comes to model armor, we need to create a template. And the template is telling it, hey, here's how I want you to actually work. Now, luckily for us, there's a boilerplate template by installing the skill for model armor. Cloud code will create it for us, but that is a manual step. We have to tell Claude code to do that, right? So, one of the biggest security measures is model armor. And so, there is an active prompt we have to do to say, hey, turn on model armor, create the template, all that. And the skills tell it how to work. So, I know that's confusing. Just understand that it's a thing. Cloud code knows how to do it when we install the skill. And we just have to tell it to create the template. And again, I also have a full write up explaining all of this when it comes to model armor, including how to set it up, right? And it's just going to be this one simple prompt. Now, when we use this prompt, it's going to ask for our project ID. Remember our project ID? Our project ID is inside the Google Cloud. And if we click on our thing up here, right, you see this ID? That's the project ID that you will have to provide Cloud Code when we use model armor. So, now that I've confused you enough, let's actually install the skills and get model armor working. And you can see me do it. So, it's finally at this point, we get Cloud Code started and we're just giving it that prompt to install all the proper skills. And remember, we're installing these locally. So, this is just at the project level because this is a lot of skills and I don't care about most of these skills when I'm doing most of my quote unquote coding projects. So, you're going to want to do this inside of your personal assistant directory, whatever that happens to be. Once the skills are properly installed, now we can move on to model armor. So, I got my project ID, put my project ID in there. Now, we got the model armor prompt, and it's going to go ahead and create the template for us. Now, after it creates the template, we needed to set up a couple environment variables for us. So, we're going to use this prompt. And we set these variables that way each time we use the Google Workspace command, it's going to send that data through the model armor so we know it's safe. So, set up the model armor environment variables permanently on my system, use the template we just created, and set the mode to warn. Again, warn isn't going to stop anything at first. So, if you're like, "Hey, I don't even want to be warned. I don't want to do any some any configuration down the line to like test it. I just want it to block." Just tell it to switch it to block. Now, once it has done that, we are done. At this point, Claude Code has the CLI tool installed. It has all the requisite skills. We have model armor set up. And if you went the sandbox route, we actually have it in its own special Gmail space where it only interacts with our primary email in specific ways that we control. Now, if you want to use it, we just talk to it in plain language. So, let's put it to the test. Since we just added a bunch of skills, make sure you exit Cloud Code and then spin it back up. And for this one, we're going to use a bunch at once. So, I'm going to have it create a new doc about the top five Cloud Code skills. I then wanted to upload that document to a specific folder in the Google Drive. I then wanted to send an email to one of my alternate emails with the document and I wanted to request a meeting for tomorrow, right? So, we're hitting calendar, doc, Gmail, drive, pretty much everything. All right, so we see it created the calendar event. We have the email sent. We have the document and it's inside the drive. And it's really that simple. really easy to execute things with the CLI tool. It's just a giant pain in the butt to get it set up like you saw, but once you have it up and running, this is a huge, huge, huge productivity boost no matter if you sandbox or not. So, I hope you were able to get this working yourself after that walkthrough. Again, full guide in the free school in the description. I also have the Chase AI Plus community if you're looking for my Claude Code Masterass. It just came out about a week ago. That is in the pinned comments. if you're someone who's a bit more serious about all this AI stuff and is trying to figure out how can I make this into a career. So, let me know what you thought.

=== 10 Claude Code Plugins to 10X Your Next Project ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFyECKgWXo8

If you use cloud code, then you know that the plug-in and add-on ecosystem is actually insane right now. Whether it's new MCPs, new CLIs, new skills, new frameworks, there is something new coming out every single day. And it feels like it's impossible to separate the wheat from the chaff. What should you actually be using to improve your productivity? So, in this video, I'm going to do my best to help you out by showing you my top 10 cloud code plugins. And this ranges from skills to CLI tools. And these are things I actually use and I believe they're a true value ad. Now, for all 10 of these tools, I'm going to give you four things. I'm going to tell you why you should care about this tool, how to use it, how to install it, and an actual use case. So, some of these tools may already be familiar to you, and a couple of them we've already done full deep dive videos on, but my hope is that at least a few of them are brand new. And if you add at least one new tool to your stack, then I think this video is going to be worth your time. So to kick us off, tool number one is the Superbase MCP server. Now why should you care about the Superbase MCP server? There are two reasons. Number one is databases and number two is authentication. At some point in your building journey, you're going to create a project that requires databases and requires authentication. Superbase can handle both of those things for us and they have a very generous free tier. So you can actually go pretty far without paying a penny. The other cool thing about Superbase is it's built on open-source tools. Superbase is just a nice wrapper around it that's easy for us to interact with, but we can also self-host and develop locally this entire like authentication and database framework. Now, to install the Superbase MCP is actually very simple. It is just this one line of code. If you're looking to where I found this, this is inside the cloud code documentation under MCPS. Now, as for use cases, I kind of already alluded to this. anytime you need a database even if it's a basic one like a just a standard Postgress database or we're trying to do some vector database like rag we can use this tool also like I said authentication like are you going to have users visit your site do they need to build a profile do we need to keep their data separate again perfect use case for superbase now to actually use this inside of cloud code again just like any other MCP after you run that installation command we're just going to do for/mcp and you will see your superbase mcp show up down here inside of projects you will need to authenticate at first which requires you to hop into Superbase and get some API keys. But again, as always, Cloud Code will walk you through that process step by step. And once connected, when it comes to creating the databases or editing the databases, we no longer have to hop into Superbase and like do SQL code. We just use plain language. So, it's great. Now, I'm going to be real with you for a second. You should actually never use the Superbase MCP server in reality. There's no point. There's no point because we should be using the Superbase CLI instead. Well, Chase, why did you just talk about the MCP server for a minute and a half and waste all our time? Well, two reasons. One, to tell you this story. I myself, someone who was looking at these tools all day, all the time, had been using the Superbase MCP up until very, very recently. In fact, it wasn't until this comment above that was calling me out in another video did I realize that the Superbase CLI actually existed, which is kind of wild because I use Superbase all the time. I understand that CLI tools are in general superior to MCP tools. Yet me who again this is like my profession didn't even realize that. And I just wanted to show you that like as someone who is very deep in the space even I struggle to keep up with these tools even when it comes to tools I use consistently. So, if you feel like you're overwhelmed, I promise you're okay. The second reason I wanted to do this is because I feel like it's worth having a discussion about CLI versus MCPs because in the next nine tools, we do have a couple MCPS, but for the most part, we always, always, always try to use CLIs instead of MCPS. Now, MCPs, as you know, these came out in 2024. These are ananthropic creation, right? It was a standard for us to connect our AI assistants to different systems where our data lives, like Superbase. However, today in the big 26, our AI assistants, they live inside the terminal with us. So, they have the ability to use these CLI systems. And we like the CLI more than MCP cuz MCP is pretty much just trying to ape what a CLI tool does. But because it's not in the terminal, there's some additional overhead that goes along with it. So, all things being equal, if you are looking at something and there's a CLI and there's an MCP version, go with the CLI. It's essentially purpose-built for AI coding agents like Claude code. Now, when it comes to the CLI, the Y is the same, authentication databases. The how is pretty much the same as well. The biggest difference is just the installation. So, I'm inside of the Superbase docs right now. And the installation just changes depending on what operating system you're using. However, Cloud Code can again do this all for you. Just say, "Hey, download and install the Superbase CLI tool." And it will download and install that dependency. And it now has access to the Superbase CLI. Now, the one caveat when it comes to using CLI tools versus MCPs is that when we give Claude Code some sort of brand new CLI tool, we usually want to include the addition of some sort of appropriate skill, right? We want to tell Claude Code how to use that specific CLI tool in a specific way. And the perfect way to do that is with skills. So, anytime you install a new CLI, make sure you check their GitHub or check their documentation or check somewhere to see, hey, do they already have purpose purpose-built skills for this tool and Superbase has that for us right here, Claude Code plugin? We can just look it up inside of the marketplace. So, that's tool number one, Superbase CLI, not Superbase MCP. Sorry for the bait and switch, but I wanted to be able to have that discussion about CLI versus MCPS because I think it's an important one moving forward. Now, before we move on to tool number two, a quick word from our sponsor, which is me. I just released my Claude Code Masterass inside of Chase AI Plus. There is a link to that in the pin comments. And if you're looking to go from zero to AI dev, no matter your technical background or lack thereof, that's the place for you. I also have a free Chase AI community that is in the description. Tons of free resources, which is perfect if you're just getting started. So, make sure to check it out. Now, tool number two is, in my opinion, the most powerful out of all 10 we're going over today, and that is the skill creator skill from Anthropic. We did a full deep dive on this guy a few days ago. I'll put a link above, but this one is amazing. Not just because it can create skills, but because we can modify and improve existing skills and measure skill performance. Now, Enthropic put out an entire blog talking about the improvements it made to this particular skill. And I really can't emphasize enough how big of a deal this is because first of all, we can create custom skills that we know are working. Before this skill, it was kind of just random, right? Did we know the skill was actually making things better? Maybe. But did you have any actual data? Well, if we look at stuff like this, we now do. I can do AB tests with the skill, without the skill. I can do AB tests to existing skills, right? Does my current incarnation of this skill actually perform better than the previous version before I made the modifications? Right? Before you were kind of in the dark or it was kind of wishy-washy and it was kind of just based on gut feeling. Not the case anymore. And that is extremely important when it comes to improving cla. Now to use the skill creator, we first need to install it, which is very easy. You're just going to do for/plugin and you are going to find it inside of the plugins. You can just search for skill creator, hit install, and then you'll see it here. It should say skill-creator. Once installed, there's two ways to use it. Either we can just do forward slashkillcreator and then I know it's going to be invoked. Or you can just use natural language and say, "Hey, cloud code, use the skill creator and I want to either a create a new skill or b I want to go ahead and do some eval on this current skill." It's that easy. And like any skill under the hood, it's just a text prompt. So if you go to Anthropics GitHub and Claude Code and look at skills, you can see the entire thing in all its glory right here. Now tool number three is actually a framework for a cloud code and it's GSD the get done framework. This is essentially an orchestration layer that sits on top of cloud code and sort of just changes how cloud code operates when it comes to creating new projects. And essentially what it does is it just gives us more guard rails in terms of specd driven development which makes it perfect if you're trying to create a brand new project from scratch and you want it broken down phase by phase, feature by feature. And on top of that, it also does a really good job at context rot management, context window management. And it does that by ensuring every time we're executing a new portion of the plan, we're doing a fresh context window. We're using sub agents. Everything is done in a way to make sure we don't get into the back half of our window and get worse outputs because of that. So, if you're looking for something that's going to create your projects from scratch in an extremely regimented way, I can't recommend GSD enough. And to install it is really simple. Just search up GSD or get done on GitHub and it's simply this single command. And once you install it to start a new project, it's all through slash command. So you just do forward/gsd new project and then what it will kick off is essentially a plan mode on steroids where it really really really tries to nail down what it is you're actually trying to build which you know if you've built anything you know how important it is to essentially like plan 300 times with cloud code once to get quality outputs. Now tool number four is the backbone of my research workflows inside of cloud code these days and that is the notebook LM-PI skill/ CLI tool and that is the tool that allows us to connect notebook LM in claude code. Everything I can do inside of Notebook LM I can now do via the Claude Code terminal even though there is no official API for Notebook LM which means research, analysis, creation of deliverables like videos, infographics, slide decks, flashcards, podcasts, whatever is offloaded to notebook LM for free pretty much because of this tool. So it's a wild value play. Now to install this is very simple. We're just going to head to the notebook LM-PI GitHub, copy these commands, paste them into our terminal, and install the dependencies. Once you install those dependencies, then we need to log in. So, you'll just run notebook LM in your terminal. It will pop up a browser, and then you just log into your notebook LM account. Now, like we talked about before, this is a CLI tool, which means what? We need to add a skill. The skill install is here as well. It's just notebook LM skill install, and that teaches Cloud Code how to use all of this. And these are the actual commands Claude Code will be using, but you just talk to Cloud Code in plain language. And again, if you can do it in Notebook LM, you can do it in Claude Code via the terminal. Just use natural language. So, this one is one of my favorites, definitely add this to your stack. Now, tool number five is perfect if you use Claude Code as a personal assistant in any capacity, and that is Obsidian. Now, Obsidian is great for you, the end user, because it lets you get more insight into your text files by seeing how they connect, and it just in general keeps you infinitely more organized, which is why I specifically said that the use case here with Cloud Code in Obsidian is in a personal assistant type context. Somewhere, like you see over here on the left, you have tons of markdown files. This isn't a huge value ad if you're doing this in a typical coding project because that sort of context doesn't make sense. But in a in a personal assistant world where you have vast sprawling and accumulating context in the form of text documents, markdown files, Claude Code plus Obsidian is great. And there's no CLI we need to install. You don't even really need a skill. You just need to download Obsidian, create a folder that is designated as the vault, and then you just open up Claude Code inside the terminal in that particular folder. And for me, that folder is quite literally called the vault. And then after that, all you have to do is tell Claude Code, hey, when we create markdown files, just follow Obsidian conventions. That's it. Again, the value ad for this connection is in specific use cases. This isn't a one-sizefits-all. Now, tool number six is all about making it easier for us to manage our deployments, and that is the Verscell CLI. Now, I love using Verscell for my deployments because it's simple to use and they have a great free tier. So, what more do you need to install the CLI? Very simple. We're just going to give it this command. And also remember for all these install things, you can also just ask Cloud Code to, hey, go ahead and install the Versel CLI for me. And you know the drill at this point. We're adding a CLI tool. So, what do we need? We need that skill. Verscell gives it to us on their actual website. And in fact, they actually have a ton of skills available if you ever want to take a look. Some of them are pretty interesting. But if we just click that, it will bring us to the skill. And this is the command we want to put in the terminal to install it. And this is the sort of tool that's great to use in conjunction with like the brand new agent loops. You know, you can have a loop that calls the Versell CLI skill to like check deployment statuses if you're constantly putting up new deployments as you make changes to a particular project. Now, tool number seven is all about enhancing Claude Code's browser automation ability. It's ability to actually go out on the web and do things like even something as stupid as like, I want you to go out on Amazon, fill up my shopping cart, and then buy it, right? We do that using the Playright CLI. Now, Playright is an open- source tool from Microsoft. It's very popular. I've really enjoyed using it when it comes to browser automations and cloud. And the install is very easy. We're just going to head to the Playright CLI GitHub and we're just going to copy this command, paste it in our terminal, and it's going to load the dependencies. Installing the skills is also very simple. Playright CLI install-skills. That's it. Installs done. Now, as for use cases and demos, we did a full deep dive on Playright in Cloud Code. So, make sure you check out that one. Just came out a few days ago. But anything you could essentially normally do in a browser, you could do it using Playright. And it's also great for things like testing UI design or testing like form submissions, anything like you know that's kind of laborious when you're changing something inside your project or your app and you need to manually test it. Well, Playright can do that for you. And just like all these CLI tools, we just use plain language to execute the task. Now, one thing I didn't mention in that deep dive is the Playright CLI show command. And this actually gives you a visual dashboard that shows what all of your browser agents are doing, even if they're running headless. So, really cool thing to use. Now, tool number eight works with a platform that should be near and dear to your heart, and that is the GitHub CLI. So, with the GitHub CLI, we can essentially do everything you were doing manually on GitHub via the CLI. This is obviously great to use in tandem with the Versell CLI tool. And so, we can essentially do everything from coding to pushing to GitHub to deployment, again, all from one place using natural language. Now, as for installation, obviously, we can lean on Cloud Code to walk us through it. But if we go to this GitHub page, it breaks it down by operating system. So there shouldn't really be any confusion. Now coding agents like cloud code are so spun up on Git and GitHub that you really don't need a skill to use this to its full potential. But if you feel so inclined, I would just use the skill creator to create one yourself. But honestly, just having the tool installed and talking to cloud code in plain language is enough. Now tool number nine is all about web scraping. And for that we are going to be using firecrawl, both its CLI and its appropriate skill. Now to install the Firecrol CLI, it's super easy. Just search up Firecrawl CLI tool. you'll get to this page. It's this one line. This will also include the appropriate skill install. Now, if you've never used Firecrawl, the pitch for Firecrawl is that it's web scraping, but the data it brings back is tailor made for AI agents. And there's really four different commands when it comes to firecrawl. It's scrape, crawl, map, and search. Now, if you've never used Firecrawl before and you're kind of new to web scraping in general, then these four core commands kind of might seem like they're all doing the same thing. But luckily for us, you know who knows how to use the right command for the right job? Cloud code. Hence the skill and fire call is also nice enough to give us some of the standard use cases things like competitor research documentation site change monitoring or deep research with sources. So I really love firecol. It's definitely a step above than just asking cloud code to use its web search tool. And last but not least tool number 10 is one of my personal favorites and that is the excaladraw diagram skill. I just recently started using this and shout out to its creator Cole Med. You've probably seen his channel on YouTube. One of the greats in this space. love the work he does, but I love his skill even more. So, what does this do? This allows me to create diagrams through natural language with Claude code. If you watched my last video on the six levels of claude code, you saw these diagrams. Like all of this, I didn't do any of this manually. All of these things were created using cla code, which saves me a ton of time and actually gave me something to speak to. Like this is actually an awesome thing if you ever do any sort of presentations or you've ever worked in Excal before because again doing this by hand brutal would be totally brutal but this skill gets rid of all that manual work. Now to use this you're just going to head to the Excal diagram skill GitHub and then you're going to clone the repo and then you're going to copy it into your project skill directory. And again just like everything else to use it we just talk to Claude code in natural language. The best way to use this I have found is again using these diagrams is sort of an add-on to a presentation or something but point claw code it's some sort of you know directory of knowledge right whatever you're doing for in this case it was like a whole write up on what I was going to talk about my six levels of cloud code and I was like hey take all that information break down each level into some sort of chart people can you know see and then do it right obviously I put in plan mode had some back and forth so I had some idea what I was going to come up with but This thing is awesome. I I can't praise this um directory enough. So yeah, shout out Cole. So that does it for my list of my top 10 favorite Claude Code plugins. I hope at least one of those was new for you and at least one of those can be added to your stack and kind of help you out in your day-to-day because there is so much out there to improve your Claude code quality of life. But again, we don't want to fall into the trap of thinking increased capability equals increased performance, right? There is a sweet spot somewhere. there is that middle ground that we're always searching for and hopefully we're getting you closer to that place. So, as always, let me know what you thought. Make sure to check out Chaseai Plus.

=== The 6 Levels of Claude Code Explained ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUKYbUIXLOE

If you feel like you've hit a wall with clawed code, it's probably not because you're using it wrong. It's because you have no roadmap for progress. And that's really not your fault. Because this is an extremely confusing space with so many new features and so many new tools being thrown at you every single day. It becomes impossible to know what should you focus on to actually get better at using this insane tool. But today, I'm going to help you fix that problem. because after hundreds and hundreds of hours inside of Cloud Code, I'm confident in saying there are really six levels of progression when it comes to this tool. And so in today's video, I'm going to break down the six levels of Claude Code so you not only know where it is you stand, but what you need to do to get to the next level. Now, before we kick this off, a quick word from our sponsor, me. I just released my Claude Code Masterass. There is a link to it in the pin comments and send Chase AI plus and I take you from zero to AI dev no matter your experience level. So if you're looking for some extra help to get all the way to level six, that's where you can find it. Also in the description is the free Chase AI school. So tons of again free resources if you're just getting started. So make sure to check that out. So level one of Claude Code is the prompt engineer. Now kind of funny when you think about it cuz a few years ago this was like a legitimate job title. like that was the upper echelon of AI practitioner was a prompt engineer and now a couple years later it is the lowest of table stakes in terms of how we interact with agentic coders. Now what does it mean to be stuck at this level and why should you care? Well, you should care because the outputs are the very definition of mediocre, right? This is where we get generic AI slop. And the reason you're getting generic AI slop is because your relationship at this stage is very one way. You treat claude code as a blunt instrument, as a simple tool. It is not a collaboration and it is not a partner. And because of that, you hop into the terminal and you just start giving it instructions, things like build me my AI agency website. And it [clears throat] might even be more sophisticated with that. You might even have a PRD, an actual list of features, but you're not asking for feedback. You're telling it to do things right off the rip. And because of that, at this level, you get stuck in the trap of the regression to the mean. No matter how good you think your prompt is, if you show up just treating Claude code like a tool and not a collaborator, your plan is going to have holes in it. And if it has holes in it, Claude's going to fill those holes, but it's going to fill them at just sort of an average output at the mean because that's how AI systems work. And that average, by and large, is AI slop. That's why most websites made by AI coding agents all have the same purple gradient and the same exact font and the same exact icons, right? Because it's the regression to the mean. And this is where most people are stuck. So, how do we get out of this trap? Well, there's a few skills we need to master. First and foremost, obviously, we need to learn how to write clear, specific prompts. Now, in our example, at the most base level, what are we trying to do with our AI agency website? What is our actual outcome? Right? We don't want to just build a website for the sake of it. What do you want it to do? Are we trying to drive potential customers to a newsletter, to an email list? Are we trying to show them potential services we provide, right? What is the final outcome you are shooting for, right? And then what are the sub features that go along with that? That's the most basic level of prompting that you have to master. Beyond that, you need to start learning how to read and evaluate Claude's output. Right? For us to call something AI slop, we have to actually know what AI slop looks like. And better yet, we need to know what right looks like. If you're trying to build an AI agency website that works, well, do you know what an AI agency website that works actually looks like? Sounds simple, sounds stupid, but you would be surprised at how many people try to build things that they have no idea what the end goal should look like. And lastly, this is where we need to learn some basic terminal literacy. What does it mean when I'm on bypass permissions on and I've started cloud code in a dangerous state? What does it mean when it's asking me to do specific bash commands? What is a dependency? Right? You don't need to know how to code at any point, but you do at this stage need to slowly start learning the language and the nomenclature of a software engineer. And at the end of it, the true unlock is that you stop commanding Claude code to do things and instead you start asking it to plan with you. You turn it into a collaborator which moves us onto level two. So level two of claude code is the planner and this is where our relationship starts to become a back and forth with this tool. It is no longer one way and the simplest way to get to this level is to start using plan mode. Now why do I say that? It seems like such a simplistic thing. Well because when we are in plan mode is going to force us to collaborate with it with questions. So in plan mode when I say hey let's build my AI agency website for Chase AI plus it is going to come back with a series of questions to figure out what it is I am actually shooting for and it's also going to have some recommended steps as well. Now, in tandem with plan mode is the idea that we are not just shifting our mindset, but we're shifting how we talk to claude code. Because like I've said before, one of the biggest issues with cloud code, especially if you come from a non-technical background, is that you don't know what you don't know. And that is dangerous really, especially when you start dealing with things like other people's data, right? If you don't come from a technical background, you have no idea what you're supposed to do. And not only that, you probably don't even know what questions to ask. And as good as Claude Code is, right? even as good it is to ask me some of these questions like hey how do we want to do this what do you want to do with tech stack what is our goal in design there are going to be times where you need to nudge it in the right direction and this is the level where we begin to cultivate that skill of asking claude code the right things and truth be told asking the right thing often times is something as broad as saying hey what am I missing here right something I always ask claude code is like what are the unintended consequences what have I not thought about or another good one is like hey what would someone who is an expert, you know, web designer, someone who's an expert in database construction, what would they be thinking about in this place? Now, cloud code, obus 4.6 especially, is getting really, really good at this at like being able to intuit it what path you should go down. But let's be honest, you are still in the driver's seat here. So, when you tell cloud code to do certain things, it's going to go down a certain path. But if you ask it these leading questions about, hey, what path is better? What do you recommend? right? It will kind of realign into the right direction which is very important. So to recap, what skills do you need to master at this stage to move on to level three? Well, you need to master the use of plan mode, which honestly is very simple. Big thing, collaborative questioning, right? What am I not thinking about? And then letting Claude code push back on your ideas. Again, this goes to the questioning side, like tell Claude code to be adversarial, right? You can even get kind of complicated this with this. And when you have a build code, say, "Hey, I want you to spawn essentially like a, you know, devil's advocate sub agent that's taking a look at everything we're building and telling us what's wrong with it or if there's a better path." Right? That's a great thing to do. But the trap at this stage, and this goes into the unlock and going into level three, is at a certain point, it's not enough to just give it words, right? It's not enough just to ask questions. We need to start introducing specific context often in the terms of files or screenshots or examples. So to go from level two the planner to level three the context engineer we need to start thinking as we interact with cloud code is what outside information does it need to give me the outcome I want. Now level three and level four is where I believe most of you probably reside. Level one and two are definitely the beginner stages. Maybe you just started Claude Code, but these levels are where a lot of us get stuck. And I think that's partly because this is the stage where you become aware of everything that you can add on to Claw Code and all the things you can bring into this ecosystem. And it becomes very confusing and hard to determine what you're supposed to keep and what you're supposed to cut and what's the right tool for the job. Now, the number one skill to master here out of all of them is the idea of context window management. This will determine how effective Opus 4.6 actually works for you and what sort of outputs you get because of that. And that's because we always, always, always are in a fight against context rot. Now, we've talked about context rot a ton on this channel, so you know what it is. It's the idea that the more the context window fills up, the worse the AI model performs. That's exactly what this graph shows. Sure, this is on older models like Sonnet 4 and GPT4.1, but this remains the case today. This has not been solved. Now, a very quick recap on the context window and how we deal with this situation. Remember, we can always do forward/context to see what our context window is at any given moment inside of Clawed Code. Tokens are the currency of all AI system interactions, right? and clawed code has a budget of 200,000 tokens at any one time. Now, context rot, the idea that our efficiency goes down over time. It is a pretty sudden fall-off and it's somewhere between like the 50 to 60% range for cloud code. So, 100,000 120,000 tokens. This number does not change if the context window gets bigger. Right? Obus 4.6. Oh, they have a 1 million context window now. Does that mean is it 500,000 tokens in that scenario? No. No context window. this whole context rot thing still applies at like 100,000 tokens whether you have a million token window or a 4 million token window or 150,000 token window right so just increasing the window doesn't solve this problem and like I said everything we do adds to the context the system prompt the system tools skills MCP tools memory files messages etc etc etc so obviously what is important to do here well it's important to keep tabs on this window so when we get near the dead zone right that last 50 that last 40% event, we reset it. And to reset the window is relatively simple. We're just going to do forward slashclear. Now, you have other options like compact, right? Compact will automatically essentially summarize your conversation, restart the next window, and it's like you gave the next session of Claude Code a prompt saying, "Hey, here's what I was talking about." I don't suggest using compact in nine out of 10 cases or 99 out of 100. Well, why is that? Well, because you're expecting Cloud Code to pick the right things to bring into the next context window that it should. That's not always the case. Secondly, by virtue of how Cloud Code works, it's going to pick the right context, right? It has access to your entire codebase. It's smart enough to realize, hey, I started a new session. It's asking me to do A, B, or C. Well, let me go look up the correct files. Also, you can manually nudge it in the right direction if that's the case. And and if you are having such an important conversation that you feel like it must be brought into the next window, well just have cloud code summarize it in the way you want and then manually paste it over. I think that's the best practice. Secondly, it is obviously rather tedious to always do forward/context and see what's going on here. Much better is to create some sort of persistent status bar like you see down here below, right? where it shows me the folder I'm working in, the model, and then my context window, which in this case is 19%. There's very easy ways to do this, and the simplest way is to just prompt Claude Code to create a persistent status bar like this for you. You could literally take a screenshot of this page, drop it in Cloud Code, and say, "Hey, build that status far bar for me. I want it to be global and I want always to be on." It's that easy. But this will give you way more insight so you know when you need to start being on your toes and ready to forward/clear. Simply having that mastery of the context window will probably put you in the top half of claude code practitioners because most people don't do that. They just code code code code till they hit autoco compact and they wonder why half of their session is spent getting poor outputs from cloud. Now the rest of the skills to master this level all sort of play off the idea of context window management. Right? We want to use fewshot examples over extremely long instructions. We want to learn how to actually use claude MD the proper way. Now, the Claude MD file was very much in vogue during the early months of claude code and you still see people talking about it. This is straight from a cloud code docs. It is a markdown file to add to your project route that cla code reads at the start of every single session. This sets the standards and the conventions for everything you're trying to do, right? So, if you want to code in a certain way and there's certain coding conventions and decisions you always want it to follow, well, you put it inside of CloudMD. And we've always had the ability to do forward slashinit, right? If you were starting a project or even like a brownfield project, if you did forward/init inside of cloud code, it will essentially take a look at how you've written all the code, create the cloud MD file and say like, hey, here are the conventions based on what I've seen. However, we are now seeing studies done like this one last month where things like claw.md and agents.md are actually harmful to these coding agents. In fact, across multiple coding agents, they found that context files like that tend to reduce task success rates compared to providing no repository context while also increasing inference cost by over 20%. So what does that mean for us? It means the skill of knowing what context cla can benefit from and what will only hurt it is one we need to master. And oftent times the answer is cla code needs some context, not too much context. And oftentimes less is more. And it's at this point you will naturally begin to progress to level four where you then become exposed and begin seeing all the outside capabilities we can add to cloud code. Things like MCP servers, things like frameworks, things like CLI tools, and we essentially become a kid in a candy store with all the tools at our disposal. Now, I think the kid in the candy store is an apt analogy for level four because when you first get introduced to all these different MCP servers and all these plugins and all these frameworks like GSC and BMAD, you become enamored with the additional capabilities you are provided with. However, we need to be very clear about something and that's that [clears throat] capability does not equal performance. And that distinction is something many people never get to, right? And so they get stuck from hopping from framework to framework and they're constantly wondering what the best MCP server is. So they just install every single one they can think of and they spend all their time searching for plugins. And you'll see this repeated in level five when we look into skills, but it's this idea that I just need one more MCP, bro. Just one more framework, bro. And it's finally going to work out. Now this is totally natural because these MCPs and these tools we can add and these frameworks these really can boost the capabilities and the performance in many cases of clawed code but we need to be surgical about it because the answer isn't all of them all the time it's some of them in specific use cases and the truth is especially when it comes to things like frameworks like GSD for example I love GSD I've done multiple videos on the GSD framework many of these frameworks I think are becoming less less and less needed over time. We're seeing many of the capabilities that made these frameworks so strong be repeated inside of cloud code itself natively and nine times out of 10 the native implementation tends to have an advantage over taking some sort of third-party tool and lay layer layering it on top of cloud code. So if the answer to progress through level four is like okay I need surgical MCP selection depending on my project then the obvious question becomes okay how do I know the answer to that right how do I actually know how to be surgical how to go from all these plugins and all these MTPs to the right one well there's two ways we're going to do that the first is by understanding the building blocks of what it is we're actually building right and the second one is asking claude code to explain how it did these things and these These two things are related, right? This is really and this is why a lot of people get stuck in this phase is like if you want to move away from vibe coder into like AI dev. These two things understanding the building blocks and asking cloud code to explain how it did things are the path forward to doing that because most people when working with cloud code do neither of those things, right? They simply even if they do something like plan mode, it's just next next. Sure, I'll take the recommended thing. Next, next. like the only the most used button on their keyboard is the enter button. And that's a problem and it's actually kind of troubling because Opus 4.6 is so good. Cloud code is so strong. If you are just some monkey on the keyboard who just hits next, next enter enter. Yes, yes, yes. You will still be able to build a lot of stuff. You truly will because Opus is that good. But the problem occurs when we eventually need to do something that's more complex. And this goes back to my idea of like you don't know what you don't know. If you start dealing with complex projects, you are going to need to start understand at a fundamental level what the building blocks are. What is a front end? What is a backend? What is authentication? What are databases? How does security work? How do I deploy this? You don't need to know how to write any of those things. But you do need to know how all the building blocks come together. And again, you don't need a CS degree to do that. You literally just need to ask cloud code why and how. Right? If cloud code does something that you don't understand, whether it was a fix for something or a decision, you need to ask these questions. And one of the, frankly, the best use case for AI is the infinitely patient tutor, because I can ask it to explain something to me in 3,000 different ways, 3,000 different times until I understand that. But to do that does require a mentality shift. And that's something we've talked about throughout all the levels, right? You need to take an active approach and an active role in how you talk to Claude code, right? If you are passive and you just let it do things and you don't care, well, you know what actually is your moat to be honest? Like why can't I replace you with anybody else and just throw them in your chair and have them do the same stuff question you need to ask? And these questions and understanding go beyond just like the philosophical idea of like you need to actually like take an active role and be kind of smart about it. You will screw stuff up if you do not understand this. Especially when you start installing MCPs like Superbase, right? If we're using something like Superbase and we're using databases and we're dealing with authentication users, what's going to happen if you leak people's data? What happens if you're trying to take on a client project that has like anything at all to do with privacy? Your answer to those questions if something goes wrong can't be cloud code told me to do that and then have no further explanation beyond that. So it is imperative especially if you want to work in AI where money is involved and data is involved that you begin understanding how this all works and again that understanding has nothing to do with the code or understanding the code. It has everything to do with the theoretical conceptual view of how these things work and come together. That's it. And so I'll get off my soap box on that part and talk about okay cool get it tools outside complexity. This is the level where we equipped Claude code and I know how to go out into the internet and into space and find additional add-ons and things that work for the particular job. What's next? How do I move on? Well, this is where we move on to level five. And this is where we start working talking about like workflows, right? And the idea that at this point you're getting pretty sophisticated with how you use cloud code. Well, you're probably at the space where you're doing the same thing over again over and over and over. Well, how do we like sort of productize that? Well, not even productize that. How do we put it into a nice neat little box so I don't have to repeat myself over and over and over again? And this is where we're going to go into the skills and how we can turn these different actions inside of Cloud Code into workflows. So, level five is all about skills, how to use them, how to personalize them, how to create our own so we can maximize our output. Now, just like before in level four, these skills, we can fall into the same trap when it came to things like MCPS and plugins and frameworks, right? We're a kid in the candy store. There's 10 million skills out there, and you are going to want to go nuts and install all of them. Now, luckily for us, skills are pretty lightweight because remember what exactly is a skill. Skills are just text prompts. That's it. It's just a way we tell Claude to do a specific thing in a specific manner. And what we're looking at right here is probably the most important skill of all, and that is the skill creator skill. This actually just got updated from Enthropic just a couple days ago. I did a full video on it. I'll put a link above. But if we want to supercharge skills, the best way we can do it is create our own. And the skill creator skill not only allows us to create our own skills, but it allows us to optimize skills we already have. We can run evals, we can do benchmarks, we can do all sorts of stuff. And I won't belver the point in this video. Definitely check out the one above. But this is a massive, massive value ad that should really change how we approach skills because with this new skill creator tool, skills, although they weren't entirely a black box before, again, they were just text. We could look at them. It was kind of a pain in the butt to determine is the skill I'm using optimized? Is this the best way to do it? And using the skill creator tool, we can now run actual tests. We can get evaluations. We can get hard data about is the way we're doing things the right way? Is it actually helping at all? Now, to add the skill creator tool, you can just do /plugin, and that actually brings you to uh the plug-in marketplace for Cloud Code. This is like a built-in thing. So, there's all sorts of ones again like Context 7, superpowers, GitHub. For the skill creator one, you would just search for skill creator and you can see right here it's installed. So, here at level five with skills, this is where we really turn Claude code into our own. We can use the exact same MCPS and the exact same plugins in someone else. But with skills, we can make sure Claude always uses them in a specific way that aligns with our tastes or our branding or how our company does something. Now, the trap with skills is kind of what we talked about before, and it's that we just create too many. Remember, we don't load all of these into the system message at the beginning so it's not clogging up our context, but we do preload a list of all the skill names as well as a short description. But the more options available, the less likely Claude Code will actually trigger the correct skill when I want it to. Right? If it has a hundred options for skills and I kind of vaguely tell it to do something that should invoke the skill, what are the chances it uses it versus if I have five? Now, there are some ways to deal with this. First of all is you always have the ability to do forward slash, right? So, if I do forward slash and then the name of the skill, whether it's custom or something, then it will 100 invoke 100% invoke the skill every time. The second way to do it is when I create a skill, right? If I use skill creator, right, and I'm trying to create a specific skill, you know, hey, specific skill does X. Well, I don't always have to install my skills at the global level, right? Chances are I'm only going to use specific skills to do specific things in specific projects. Your skills can be project based. Again, very simple thing to do, but it allows you to kind of go nuts with skills, but since they're all localized, we don't deal with the issues of, "Oh god, Claude Code has access to 10 million skills. How's he going to choose the correct one?" Right? So, again, we always want to use a scalpel. And also remember that skills can reference other skills. You can have like higher order skills. So, I can create a skill creator that says, you know, use skill A and skill B in this order of A, B or C. Right? So skills can reference skills which can reference skills. It's skills all the way down, right? So you can kind of go crazy with this. The point is you can customize this as much as your heart desires. And with the skill creator skill, we can now actually have some confirmation if they even work or if they're optimized. And so the skills to master are skill authoring, right? Is my workflow can I actually articulate my workflow in a way that cloud code can make sense of it? Chances are yes. slash commands, workflow skills, like we talked about, skills of skills, and then skill creator really is the unlock at this level. And luckily for all us, this just came out a few days ago. And so, we're able to move on to level six. Now, level six is going to be all about scaling clawed code because everything we've talked about from level one through level five, this is all, you know, under the assumption that we're kind of just dealing with one instance of claude code. Well, what happens when I want to use a bunch of cloud codes all at once, multiple sessions, doing multiple things, multiple work trees, sub aents, agent teams, right? That is where we move into really becoming a manager of cloud code. Now, level six is where you become an orchestrator of multiple cloud code instances at the same time, like you are a manager. And there's really four levels to this and we'll go through each one in detail, but as an overview, level one is where we just have multiple sessions open at the same time in the same directory working on the same project. Level two is where we up the complexity and we start looking at get work trees. Level three is where we automate that process a little bit and we have separate instances of cloud code working, but it's via sub aents and they also are working via get work trees. And then level four is what is still an experimental feature of cloud code and that is agent teams. Now that first version is pretty simplistic, right? I'm inside of cloud code right now inside of the six levels project. If I open up another terminal and I run cloud code again, I now have two instances of cloud code running on the same project. Right? I can in theory get twice as much done and manually coordinate them to do different things. But we can up the ante here. What we have available to us is get work trees. Now this is a little bit more technical. This is all diagrammed here. But think of it like this. Normally like in our last example, if we have multiple instances open inside of the same project and they're on the same work tree branch, aka exactly what we did here. Think of it think of it as having multiple cloud codes, multiple human beings working on the same project at the same desk. And there may be times where they both need to edit things on the same piece of paper. This can cause conflicts potentially. Versus with work trees, imagine instead of all of our workers at the same desk, we instead separate them and they all get their own desk. They all get their copy of the same work. And at the end of the day, we merge their work. That's the theoretical idea of work trees. Now, to start up work trees, it's pretty simple. When we start cloud code, we're just going to use the d-work tree command. So I'd open up my terminal and I would do something like claude workree and then it would be like front end, right? And then I would open another terminal and do claude workree backend or claw workree authentication, right? I could essentially divvy up all the tasks, give all these workers their own desk and have them work separately and not have to worry about conflicts. However, there is a level of complexity when it comes to merging all of that work together and making sure it actually fits. Now claude code can help you with that, right? You can tell it, hey, I finished up work on all the work trees. I want you to merge all this together. So, understand there there are workarounds. Cloud code can handle a lot of the hefty living here, hefty lifting here, but just get this is a little bit more of a technical path to go down. Now, the third option is to just have Claude Code create those work trees for us as sub agents. So instead of agent A, B, and C being literal terminals you opened, we could have just that main claude code terminal that we're talking with and say, hey, I want you to spawn three sub aents in three different work trees and you know, I want one to work on authentication, one to do front end, and one to do tests. So all of this could kind of be abstracted away, and cla code can take command of the whole situation. The issue with this is it's not as obvious to you as to what's happening, right? because the main cloud code terminal is kind of doing everything for you. And so then that leaves us with number four, which is agent teams. Now, as I said, this is an experimental thing. So, we need to actually change some settings in our settings.json folder to get this work. I'll put a link above or will be in the description as well to my Asian teams video which goes into this in depth. But to get it working is pretty simple. Um, you literally can just copy this page or give the URL to this page. Just search up agent teams cla code documentation. Give it to cloud code and it will edit the settings itself. So let me explain how agent teams work. This cla code thing up here, right? This is your imagine this is acting as your primary terminal. This is what you're interacting with. At this point you've enabled agent teams. You now want claude code to use agent teams to do three things for you. One, you want it to work on authentication on your website. Two, you want it to work on front end. And then three, we want it to work on payments, right? We need to set up Stripe or something. Okay, so there's three things we want it to do. And we want Cloud Code to spawn sub aents for it. Now, if we say we wanted to use agent teams, what it's going to do is it's going to spawn these three sub aents, but these three sub aents can all talk to one another. Normal sub aents do not speak to one another. They kind of work in a vacuum, but in the team, you know, hence the team name, they all talk to one another, right? That way they make sure they aren't stepping on each other's toes. and we have conflicts like in our analogy they're all at the same desk. However, it also spawns this guy who's like a supervisor, right? To make sure everyone's doing the right thing. So, he also talks to everybody, right? He's making authentications, doing his thing, he's telling payments what needs to be done. So, he's kind of the ring leader and he reports to you, right? So, they essentially spawn this agent team spawns this middle manager who deals with all our little worker bees who are all talking one another to get you your output. Now, as for when you should use agent teams, cloud code spells it out exactly for us, right? Research and review, new modules or features, debugging, cross layer coordination, really anything where parallel exploration adds real value. Now, the one downside with agent teams is because of that extra coordination overhead, like responding a session of cloud code to literally act again as that middle manager, it does use significantly more tokens. Now, to actually use agent teams, you have to use specific verbiage. And there's an example given here in the documentation where it says I literally want to create an agent team. Your nomenclature, whatever words you use, has to say something to that effect or else it won't do it. Now, when you're actually using agent teams, it will look something like this. So, I asked it to create an agent team for me. One for front-end authentication, another for a blog, right? And so, you'll see it say, "Hey, three agents have been launched." It will break down exactly what all what their actual tasks are for each teammate. And then here down at the bottom of the status page, you'll see all of those agents. So at main is like the actual terminal you're talking to. And then we have the three sub aents and they'll be colorcoded. So O, blog, and front end. So I can hit the down arrow and I can kind of switch between them. If I hit enter, I can actually message the individual sub aent as well. So right now I'm talking to blog and I can say, "Hey, actually change a direction. I want to do A, B, or C." So you can either talk with your normal cloud code and have it send the message downstream or you can go to them individually and actually get your hands dirty. But those are the four ways you can begin scaling up and exponentially increasing your outputs with cloud to code. Right? We don't have to be in one session. We can have as many sessions going as you want. But this is definitely a practiced skill and being able to context switch even within the you know ecosystem of a singular project actually can become kind of hard. So I would say from personal experience that there is diminishing returns right you'll see videos of people with like eight terminals up and I have no idea how they do it or if what they're doing actually increases their productivity. But having two or three up oftentimes can be very useful. So, I hope having these six levels of Claude code broken down to you in a systematic way that includes the skills you need to master, the traps you need to avoid, and what you need to look for to progress to the next level has helped, right? Because it's very easy to get stuck and overwhelmed because there's just so much information. So, as always, let me know what you thought. Make sure you check out the Chase AI Plus community. There is a pinned comment there. I have my brand new Cloud Code Master Class, which is perfect if you're someone who's trying to go essentially from zero to level six, even if you don't come from a technical background. And also, I have the free Chase AAI community, which is in the description, so make sure to check that out if you're looking for some free resources. Other than that, I'll see you guys

=== Claude Code Just Got a MASSIVE Upgrade (Agent Loops) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lf2lcE4YwgI

So, less than 24 hours ago, Enthropic released agent loops, which is a huge unlock with how we handled scheduled tasks inside of Cloud Code. Yet, and I guess I shouldn't be surprised, there is already so much misinformation about what this new feature can actually do. I've already seen videos with people calling it Claude 2.0. It's a 247 agent. I saw one person saying, "Hey, here's how you can set it up so you talk to Cloud Code via Telegram." No. No. This is not the case. Agent loops is a very useful feature. But if you come into this thinking it is some sort of paradigm shifting moment for clawed code or that we can now have like persistent sessions of clawed code that are just like running in the background forever doing scheduled tasks, you're going to be very disappointed, which is a shame because this is a useful feature. But I don't blame them for all the misinformation because the fact is cloud code and schedule tasks is actually a very confusing space in part because we have two versions of cloud code we're talking about right we have cloud code desktop and we have cloud code and they handled scheduled tasks differently and in fact did you know that cloud code desktop actually gives us more power when it comes to schedule tasks? Yeah, bet you didn't know that especially if you're someone who's more terminal forward. Also what about GitHub actions? I mean cloud code can kind of run in the cloud all the time with that right and what about cloud code remote where's that plan so this is actually kind of murky waters and the loops feature while awesome does have some limitations that you need to be aware of or again you're going to be disappointed with the hype that's already coming about this feature. So, in this video, I'm going to break it all down for you so you understand what you're actually getting because this is a value ad, but it's important to know what to use when, what's going on with Cloud Desktop, and just like getting some sort of light shined on this space. So, excited to help you guys do that. So, let's get started. So, Agent Loops, like I said before, just came out yesterday in the latest update. If you don't see a forward/loop command inside of your cloud code instance, you just need to upgrade. And what has it given us the ability to do? Well, it allows us to do recurring scheduled tasks within a session. Within a session being the important word here. Now, this post by Boris Churnney, the actual creator of Claude Code, gives us some insight on some of the use cases. For example, /loop babysit all my PRs, autofix build issues, and when comments come in, use a work tree agent to fix them. Simple enough. By default, it will run every 10 minutes. or hey every morning use the Slack MCP to give me a summary of the top post I was tagged in of note. You can do this for up to three days at a time. Now when you read this you think naturally that oh I just open up cloud code right I have my terminal open and I could do something like hey / loop every morning do a web report on cloud code changes and I will get a web report but it's only kind of like that right because it is session based remember I said how this was session based that means this will only occur every morning if I have this exact session this exact terminal window up if I close this terminal window it ends if I shut down my computer it ends if my computer goes to sleep it ends and it's max at 3 days. This is a huge limitation and it's why we need to understand like what's going on here and what our limitations are and why when people say this is a 24/7 agent, it's cloud 2.0 like pump the brakes [laughter] for a second. Like this is great in specific instances. So first of all, what are our limitations? What are our right and left lateral limits? Well, first of all, it expires every 3 days. So if I tell cloud code, hey, I want that report every morning, it's going to do it. But after 3 days, it shuts off automatically. Does it survive restart? No. Do we need the app open all the time? Yes. Does the computer need to be on? Yes. Does it run in the same session? Also yes. So just like in this session and this will make more sense later when it runs this morning report I will see the output in this exact same terminal window. So it runs in the current and what happens if I'm working on something. So let's say I'm actually talking to cloud code in the terminal. We're having some back and forth. If I said hey the report's supposed to come out in the next 5 minutes and we're in the middle of something. Well, you just have to pause for a second. Like, it's not going to stop its work to give it to you. I'll give it to you when it's done. And so, when we take that into account, what does that mean? What can the sloop command actually buy us? Well, what it buys us is the ability to do again almost like these micro tasks that we constantly are going to be repeating during a singular work session. And I would call a singular work session something that's like 3 days long in the same terminal. So imagine again the example that every 10 minutes I want you to check the deployment status of our website and make sure it's still up or every 5 minutes I want you to run playright and check to make sure the form submission still works. So this is really powerful right this is almost you can turn loop into almost like a skill or a skill of skills. So anything that you are constantly doing inside of cloud code we can now systematically do it via the loop. Right? Great stuff. productivity increase for sure, but these limitations are real and we need to understand them. And again, using this is as simple as doing forward slashloop. You give it the interval. So this could be 5 minutes, this could be an hour, this could be a morning, right? You could you have a lot of wiggle room here. And then just a prompt what you want it to do. But what about clawed code desktop? I said in the intro this is actually more powerful when it comes to scheduled tasks. And for all the craziness about what loops are doing, we've actually been able to do this for a little bit inside of the cloud code desktop. However, again, there are some limitations. So, if I go into the cloud code desktop and I head over here and I go to scheduled, I can schedule task. I can also just use the forward/chedu option. Again, inside the terminal, there is no forward/schedule option. This does not exist. And all I have to do is hit new task and I can just like I would with loop set up a recurring action. But again, this is actually a little more powerful. Why is that? Well, first of all, it's never going to expire, right? It's not on a three-day time limit. This will run in perpetuity. Secondly, it is not session based. So, it survives the restart. So, when I create something, you know, some sort of scheduled task using cloud code desktop, I can shut down desktop, right? That task doesn't disappear. Now, claude code desktop needs to be open for it to do the schedule task. So if I have a task that runs every hour, some instance of claude code desktop needs to be open on my computer, but it will then create its own session to do that. What do what do I mean by that? So by creating a new session, it's almost like it opens a new terminal window, but inside of cloud code desktop, if that makes sense, which again is different than agent loops. Agent loops, all the stuff is contained in a single terminal. With cloud code desktop, it's going to create new sessions every time that scheduler runs. That is something to note though because if you want to run something every minute, well guess what? Over 60 minutes you would have opened up 60 se sessions. So we need the desktop open. You do need the computer on. So again if desktop's closed or the computer's off these won't run. So this 24/7 agent thing, right? Again, there are some things we need to worry about. Creates new sessions. And again, it since it's in a se separate session, it won't interrupt your work if you're having it do something on a schedule. So when we take all that into account, what does that mean for you? Especially when we compare the CLI over here on the left in the cloud code desktop. Well, that means agent loops are great for again like these are things I want to do in probably a certain time interval, but it's within a specific work section, right? I don't always need cloud code to check to see what my deployment status looks like every day forever. But maybe I do need to check that every hour for today for the specific project. If I'm trying to do something that is longer range in scope, every single day I want a morning report about something cloud code searches. Well, Claude Code Desktop is perfect for that, right? It is a shame that we don't have that scheduling power of desktop in the CLI, but I imagine that's something that will change over time. But hey, two different use cases, two different versions. Know which one fits your issue. But what about GitHub actions? And this is a little more advanced. GitHub actions are when cloud code executes tasks inside of GitHub in a GitHub action workflow, but your computer doesn't need to be on. You don't need a terminal app. You don't need Cloud Code Desktop, none of that. It actually runs on GitHub's infrastructure. And while the foundation of that sounds like something you could like be kind of hacky with and turn cloud code again to this persistent thing that runs no matter what your computer state is, understand GitHub actions is scoped for GitHub itself. So this makes sense in regards to dealing with PRs or code implementation, these sorts of things. This doesn't make sense in terms of I want to talk to cloud code via Telegram. And then that brings us into the idea of remote control. If you still want to talk to cloud code via telegram, why wouldn't we just use remote control, a native thing that's already built in? Again, limitations. We need to understand them. What's the limitation? It's session based, right? If I'm using cloud code remote on something in the terminal, it's just that session. If this closes down, if the computer shuts down, that's gone. And so, all that is to say that agent loops is great, but its scope is actually pretty small and it's going to be based upon your specific project and task. This example Boris gave is great, right? Babysit all my PRs, autofix build issues, and use a work tree agent to solve them, right? You might need to do this for a specific amount of time on a specific project. I would argue his second example of every morning use the Slack MCP for a summary. That actually makes no sense in the CLI, right? Why would we do that in the CLI when I'd have to repeat that same command every 3 days? Why would I do that in the desktop? This is totally a cloud desktop task. Claude code desktop. Again, don't get confused. there's 10 million different cla things. So that's the sort of nuance that you need to bring in when you're using cla code because the difference matters and if you want the most out of these tools, you need to know when to use what. So I hope I was able to shine some light on this loop feature. It's very easy to use /loop time interval. What do you want it to do? Just understand its limitations or you're going to be upset. So that's where I'm going to leave you guys. As always, make sure you check out Chase AI Plus for my Claude Code Masterass, right? That's in the pinned comment. I also have the free Chase AAI community with tons of free resources if you're just getting started. That is in the description. Let me know what you thought and I'll see you

=== Claude Code + Playwright = INSANE Browser Automations ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9kO6-yPkfM

Okay, Claude Code, I want you to spin up three parallel sub aents. I want you to use the playwright CLI skill for each of them and I want you to test my form submission inside of my website since we just made some changes. Go. So, what you're seeing happen right now is Claude Code just spawned three sub agents. All of them are using the Playright CLI. Playright is a tool from Microsoft, totally open source, that does browser automation. And this is a huge unlock for claude code because browser automation despite the fact that we have claude in Chrome as an extension is a place that cloud code really struggles. And what you see here is one of the great use cases for browser automation. The idea that I can use it for UI testing. And so what we did in this example is I have my website. I made some adjustments to the form submission. That's what you see right here in the middle. And I'm now having Claude code test it from a number of different angles. Right? We're looking at edge cases, edge cases, validation, and also the happy path. And think about what this would look like normally. You would spin up the dev server on your own. You would manually go through it and you would manually test it, right? Hey, does it work when I put in a name, an email, whatever. But now I can test it from again a number of different angles simultaneously. And via the Playright CLI, we are doing this more effectively, more efficiently, and easier than really any other browser automation path. And again, I'm not touching anything. Cloud code via the playright skill is doing all of this. And the use cases and potential upsides of knowing how to do something like this inside of Claude Code is frankly wild. Anything that requires you to interact with a browser is a place where we can use this. So in this video, I'm going to show you how the Playright CLI works, how to install it, best practices, and most importantly, how to get the most out of it inside of the Clawed Code ecosystem. This is going to be a huge productivity upgrade for you. So, let's get started. But before we dive into Playright, first a message from our sponsor, me. So, I just released a Claude code masterass inside of Chase AI plus and I take you from zero to AI dev, no matter your technical background or lack thereof, in a practical manner. So, if you're looking to get way better at cloud code, definitely check it out. There's a link to it in the pin comments. Also, I have the free Chase AI community that is in the description. Tons of free resources. So if you're just looking for more stuff, definitely take a look. Now back to Playright. What is Playright? Well, it's a framework for web testing and automation. It is a Microsoft product, but Microsoft was nice enough to open source this so we can use this for free. And what Playright allows us to do is interact with our browsers programmatically, right? Exactly what you saw in the demo. That is the power of Playright. But hasn't play been around for a while? Isn't there a Playright MCP server? Why are we talking about Playright CLI? And again, doesn't Claude already have something like this? Why are we talking about this tool in particular? Well, the Playright CLI command line interface is actually a relatively new addition to the Playright Arsenal. This just came out a few weeks ago. Prior to that, we were in MCP land, and over the last month or so, you've probably seen Claude in Chrome extension. Let's talk about why the CLI is so much better than these other two, and why this is such an important video. Now, while all three of these can interact with your browser in a programmatic way, only one of them does it in an efficient way, and that's the CLI. Now, why is that? Dropping down to the bottom, it's because it has the lowest token usage by far. MCP is a token hog. In fact, there's a video that came out from Playright themselves comparing the MCP to the CLI, and it was a difference of about 90,000 tokens for the same task. And we'll go into the why in a little bit. Now, the clawed code in Chrome extension that you've probably seen all over the place is also extremely tokenheavy. Why is that? Because claude in Chrome, the way it works is it takes screenshots of your web page. So, you know, when we're looking at that in here with my web page, it would actually take screenshots to figure out what's going on and then interact with it. That is very costly. Screenshots take up tons of tokens. And in fact, out of all these, the claw code extension is probably the worst because it is not headless and we cannot do it in parallel. What do I mean by that? What does headless mean? Well, headless or headless browsers means that Playright can operate a browser without it actually being open. So, you remember the demo how I had the website up. So, this is headed. This is a headed browser, meaning it's actually there. I can interact with it. Headless means it's working on the browser, but it's in the background. I can't see it. It's sort of invisible. We like the headless browsers because it's less of a drag on our machine. It's more efficient. I don't have 10 million things popping up on my desktop. So the MCP can do headless as well, but so can the CLI. The other thing is, can we do this in parallel? Again, back to the demo. We had three CLI sub aents running tests. That's great. Can I do that with the cloud code in Chrome browser? Not really, right? It's only going to be able to do it one tab at a time, and it's slow and expensive. The MCP can do this, and the CLI can do this. Now looking at this chart, it should be pretty obvious why we're focused on the CLI then, right? I can do everything the MCP playright server can do and more at a significantly lower token usage. So that's the why in terms of the tool. Now, in case you're wondering why there is such a massive token difference between the CLI and the MCP, kind of an interesting discussion. I won't belver it. But the way Playright actually works, interesting enough, is it uses what's called an accessibility tree. So whenever you go on a website, there is what is called an accessibility tree and and it's essentially mapping this entire website in a way that someone who couldn't see it could use it. Like imagine if you were blind, how would you interact with this website? Well, people figured that out cuz guess what? Blind people need to use websites, too. That entire structure behind helping blind people use websites, the accessibility tree is the technology behind it. That's what Playright actually uses to work, right? Kind of cool. But the Playright MCP server, the way the MCP server works is it will take the entire accessibility tree and shove it into clawed code. And the accessibility tree is actually relatively large, right? And so every time it shoves the accessibility tree into clawed code, it's a massive token dump. The CLI is a little bit different because while it still gets that accessibility tree, right, of all this information, it doesn't dump all of it into clawed code. Instead, what it does is it takes that tree, right? Here's our accessibility tree, and it just saves it onto our computer, right? On our disc. This is a computer. I know you're here for my great graphics. So the CLI gets the same tree, saves it to the disk, and all it does is it gives then a summary of the tree to clawed code. So it doesn't give it all the information. It instead just gives it the information that it needs. This is a way lower token cost. So that's why it's working in case you were wondering. So how do we get this installed and working with clawed code? Actually very simple and easy. There's three things we're going to need. One, we need to install the Playright CLI. Two, we need to install the browser engine. And then three, we need to set up the claude code skill for playright. So it knows how to actually use this. And so I'll give you the commands, but understand you can also just open up claude code, give it that GitHub repo, which I will link down below and say, "Hey, install everything I need, right? But I'll show you the manual steps to install the CLI. It will be npm install-gplay CLI." Next, for the browser engine, npx playright install Chromium. Again, using a different browser engine, just reference the documentation or have Claude Code tell you the command. And then lastly, once you have the CLI installed, to install the skill, you'll do playright-cli install--sklls. Now, remember, hey, reference the skills creator video I did the other day. This is the skill that Microsoft came up with. And we can see the actual skill right here inside of the GitHub. You are not beholdened to this. This will work just fine, but also know you can create it, edit it, use the skill creator to audit it, right? It's a living, breathing document. And once you do that, just spin up cloud code and we're ready to actually work. Now, the amount of things that the Playright CLI can actually do is pretty broad. It's an extremely powerful tool. So, I highly suggest one of the first things you do is just have an interaction with Claude Code asking it what can you do with the Playright CLI skill and kind of going through some theoretical test cases that you think it can actually accomplish because ultimately your use cases will vary. What we're going to focus on here today is essentially what we saw in the demo, which is like this UI design type workflow or UI testing type workflow, which I think is something that's very common. But again, you could have this thing go like shop on Amazon for you, right? Like it has the ability to actually like log in and set up persistent sessions and sort of have like its own cookies type of deal. It again the waters here are very deep and we're just touching the surface, but again, clawed code is your number one friend in understanding its capabilities. But in terms of actual execution like with our UI testing again we're using cloud code cloud code uses the skill to execute the playright CLI on our behalf which means we just have to use plain language with what we want to do. Now some things to note right even though in the demo you saw all those tabs pop up by default it is going to be headless which means when I tell it hey go do this testing for me you're not going to see that browser at all. So you need to be specific and you know actually say hey I want it to be a headed browser I want to see it or else you won't. But for our test we'll just ask it again to do just a single headed browser test to test our form submission so we can again see it in action. So alls I said was can you use the playright CLI tool to test the form submission again make it a single agent and make it headed so I can see it. So we see it loaded the tool. You see it's calling the skill and now it's going to check the project and figure out what it actually wants to do. The other thing that's great for this, especially when we're doing it, you know, on our own sort of project, like it has full visibility into how our pages are look, how they look and how they set up. So, a much lower chance of dealing with some sort of like accessibility tree issues. It knows exactly how this page is set up. So, these sort of tests are even more effective. And so, it's opened the page, it's scrolled down, it's starting to fill out the form, it's starting to check boxes, and it's really that simple. And once it finishes its work, it will automatically close the browser, give you the form submission test results, and then even give you screenshots. And to up the antie and to do exactly what we did in the demo and say, "Hey, I want to run three parallel agents and I want to attack it from different angles." That's all you have to add to it. This is like a two sentence thing and it's going to do all of your UI testing for you. Furthermore, you can ask cloud code for the best practices, right? I didn't know the best way to, you know, stress test this form, but it did. So, you just kind of say like, "Hey, what what do you think is the best way to test this?" And the simplicity of use is really the value ad here. Like you literally just talk plain language to cloud code and it does all of it. However, if you actually want to supercharge this process, you need to learn how to package this sort of workflow into a skill itself. Now, what do I mean by that? You just saw me use the Playright CLI with plain language. Like, hey, run three parallel headed browser tests. That's exactly what you see here, right? Because I want to do three sub agents. They're going to test the UI, blah blah blah blah blah. Do I want to say this each and every time? Of course I don't. Yet, am I going to probably run this test on my local dev server to check the form every single time I make changes? I might be doing a ton of changes, right? I might need to run this test over and over and over. So, what you need to be thinking about is like again, how can I then turn that entire workflow into a skill? That's what we can do here, right? this entire process, this like triple agent thing you saw in the demo, we can turn that into a skill and instead of having to describe the process every time, I can just say, "Hey, go do the playright CLI UI test skill. Go execute that skill." And it goes and does that. And that's really easy to do actually. First, obviously, you need to articulate the actual workflow that you've done. That's what I've done here, right? Three parallel agents. I want you to do X, Y, and Z. like I've really nailed down like it can't mess it up at this point. And again, have Cloud Code spell that out for you. Next, I'm going to use the brand new skill creator tool. Check out that video I just did a few days ago, but we'll just do skill creator. And what are we going to say? We're going to say I want to turn this process, this workflow process into a skill. Right? So, I just said I want to turn this following workflow process into its own meta skill and pasted the entire workflow. So, it went ahead and created the form tester skill. So now I can just say use the form tester skill and three parallel agents will spawn just like in the demo. And because I used it via the skill creator, I now have the option to run tests and emails and see if this is an actual improvement, which is great. And I think this is the sort of headsp space you should be in with this stuff whenever you're doing workflows inside of cloud code, right? Can we standardize it? And if it's standardized, can we turn that standard flow into a skill? Right? And it just makes it super easy. So, like I alluded to at the beginning, the waters are deep when it comes to Playright. But with that complexity, under this surface comes a huge swath of use cases. And luckily for us, claude code allows us to like bridge that gap, right? We don't have to be crazy technical and in the weeds to really get a lot out of this because cloud code abstracts so much of it away. So, this is actually where I'm going to leave you guys today. I hope this was a cool intro for playright and what it could do for you. I think if nothing else, just with sort of, you know, the website checks, like that's a huge value ad. I know it is and has been for me. So, let me know in the comments what you thought. Make sure to check out Chase AI Plus if you're looking for the Claude Code Master Class and I'll see you

=== Claude Code + NotebookLM + Obsidian = GOD MODE ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU3qYQ7ACMA

If Claude Code plus Notebook LM is amazing and Claude Code plus Obsidian is free value and Claude Code plus the brand new skill creator is legitimately gamechanging, then what's going to happen when we combine all these tools together in a practical yet simple to setup workflow that you can start using today in under 30 minutes? Well, that is exactly what we are going to find out in today's video as I show you step by step how to create one of the most powerful workflows inside of Claude Code. This workflow turns Claude Code into an absolute research monster. And this video is also pretty much a capstone of everything we've talked about in the last few videos because we've covered things when it comes to Claude Code and Notebook LM and Cloud Code and Obsidian and Cloud Code the new skills creator. But here's where we take all these lessons and we synthesize it into something that has practical value. And on that note, what's important isn't my exact use case, right? This is a personal chase AI use case, right? and how I do research for my content. But you're not a content creator. You probably have a real job. So, what I want you to focus on throughout this entire lesson isn't the exact intricacies of how I'm doing my YouTube search. You should be focused on how do I swap the YouTube search for whatever use case I have and whatever source of information I need, whether that's PDFs or articles or text or whatever, right? How can we fit in this template into your life? That's where the value lies and that's what I want you to focus on. And it's also something this is great at, right? This is a very f flexible workflow that can adapt to your needs and we love that. So what the heck is this workflow going to be doing? Well, like I said, this is research on steroids. So we are going to be inside of clawed code and we are going to do some research via YouTube, right? My source of data in this case is going to be YouTube videos. To do that, we will use a specific skill. From there, we are going to send that YouTube data to Notebook LM via Claude Code. Notebook LM will do analysis on those videos for us. Notebook LM will also give us any deliverable we want, whether that's a podcast or a video or an infographic or a slide deck and then it passes all of that back to us inside of Cloud Code. All of this is executed through skills. Furthermore, we are going to combine all those subsklls into essentially one super skill. We will do this using the skill creator. Right? So that's where the skill creator comes in. And obviously the notebook LM stuff will come into play here. What about Obsidian, right? Because this is good in a vacuum, but like we kind of want to supercharge this. I'm probably not just going to run this workflow one time. Well, enter Obsidian. All this data we analyze and more so than the individual data, the way we attack the data, how we like our analysis done, what we want the deliverables to look like, how we think, all of that will be recorded by clawed code in a series of markdown files, a series of text files that Obsidian will be able to take a look at because this is all going to happen in our vault. Now, looking at Obsidian right here, the vault's great, right, for a couple reasons. For me as the human being, I have great insight into what's going on in my text files. I can click through the files. I can see how they link together and I get cool and neat little graphs. But more importantly, inside of Claude Code, all those markdown files are transparent to Claude Code itself. It's easier when it's set up in this obsidian sort of format for Claude Code to find the things it needs. Furthermore, over time, we will be able to refine how Claude code speaks to us and thinks in this manner via the claude.md file, which over time means Obsidian helps Claude code do this workflow in a manner we want. Right? With Obsidian added into this workflow, we're able to turn Claude Code into like this well-trained personal assistant that executes this workflow on our behalf. And that's super powerful. This almost becomes like a self-improving loop, right? Because the more I run the workflow, the more it gets its analysis in the way I like it, the more I talk to cloud code, the more all that data is recorded. And Cloud Code continues to build and build and build over time. This corpus of knowledge and evidence for how I like to work. And so that's how we get this like awesome symbiotic relationship and all these things kind of helping one another by combining Claude code with the skill creator with notebook LM with Obsidian, right? And you can see how flexible this is because this sort of workflow changes whether you know you know we could take out YouTube could be PDFs right you could even take out the notebook LMP piece you could really have any workflow here right insert whatever flow but if you keep this template of flow obsidian and improve skills via the skill creator you have something super powerful at your fingertips and it's not something a lot of people are doing now before we get into how we set this up exactly a word from our sponsor yours truly Again, if you want to learn more about Claude Code, I just released a Claude Code master class inside of Chase AI Plus. It takes you from zero to essentially AI dev, regardless of your technical background or lack thereof. Chase AI Plus is great if you're serious about AI and you're trying to make a career out of this thing. So, definitely check that out. Also, there is a free Chase AI community. You can find that in the description. All the skills we talk about today, as well as a number of other free resources, can be found there. So there's something for everybody. So first thing we got to do is create our skills. You will notice I am inside my vault. We have to be in whatever our vault folder is for Obsidian to pick up on this stuff. Now skill creator skill how to install it, get it working. Make sure you check the video above. I go in depth. But the 5-second version, you're just going to do /plugin. You will search for the skill creator tool. You can see mine is installed right here. Skill creator. Install it. Exit cloud code. Spin it back up. you're ready to go. And so if I want to build a skill, I'm going to do slashskll creator to make sure it actually uses the skill. And then we're just going to describe it. In this case, I said I wanted to create a skill that searches YouTube and returns structured video results. It should use the yt-dlp to search for videos by query. Return the results blah blah blah blah blah. This is how it is for my YouTube thing. Adjust it for what you want as your source. Again, these prompts will be available inside of my community. Once you run that, it will create the skill automatically inside of yourcloud folder. It'll give you some descriptions about what it did with the skill creator tool. Remember, we have the ability to run tests on it as well if we want to, but we'll skip that for now. So, that gives me the YouTube skill. I can now search YouTube. What about the Notebook LM side? Well, just like the last two things, I have a full video deep dive on that. Check it above, but I will give you the 30 second rundown. So, notebook LM does not have a public facing API. So, for us to connect Cloud Code to Notebook LM, we are going to be using this GitHub repo, the Notebook LM-PI. I'll put a link in the description to install it is very easy. We're just going to run these commands inside of our terminal. So, we'll just copy this. I create a new terminal. Again, I am not inside of Cloud Code at this point. This is just purely the terminal. And I will paste them in there and run the install. After I run that install, I need to log in to Notebook LM authenticate. You see it here in the CLI section. So, I just copy that notebook LM space login. Put it in the terminal. Hit enter. A browser window will pop up asking me to log in. I log in and that's it. You are done and installed and you can now use notebook LM. However, we need to teach claude code how to actually use it. That's where the skill comes in. Now, this repo gives us a command to do it. We can run this notebook LM skill install if we want. We also have an ability and what would probably be better now that we have the skill creator would be to like just copy you know essentially this entire GitHub repo or just put a link to it give that to claude code and say hey use the skill creator to create a skill for notebook LM-PI and you see that prompt right here skill creator create a skill so we can best use the notebook LM skill seen here right like this is like one of the best things about claude code is it will do things that affect its like own use, right? Like it understands how skills work within its own ecosystem. And so when I do stuff like this, it sort of self-improves in a way, which is great. And once you run that, you'll get the same message essentially that you saw above when we created the YouTube search skill. And when it comes specifically to the Note LM skill, these commands allow us to do anything and more from the claude code terminal that you could do inside of notebook LM normally. So we have the ability to create our own notebook. We can add as many sources as we like. Well, up to 50. It could be from our drive, copy, text, files, YouTube, etc. And then like I mentioned before, we have all the deliverables that notebook can give us audio review, mindm map, flashcards, infographic, etc., etc. So now we have the YouTube skill and this graphic has just become hideous, right? Let's clean this up. So we have the YouTube skill. We now have the notebook LM set up. But again, I don't want to tell Claude Code one by one, all right, do the YouTube skill. Sick. Thumbs up. Okay, now do the do that skill. Cool. Thumbs up. I want to do this all at once. I just want to turn it into one skill. And that's what we'll do now. We're turning a workflow into a skill. And so to create that YouTube pipeline, that workflow super skill, you can see same exact process. Skill creator. And then I just did a stream of consciousness for it to create that. Pretty much saying, "Hey, I want this YouTube um pipeline skill. I wanted to use a YouTube search. I wanted to send it to Notebook LM. And I want if I ask for it, some sort of deliverable, and I want it brought back." Right? That's what I said in way too many words. And at that point, it will create the skill, tell you what it did, and then ask if you want to run any evals, which is up to you. And at that point, our workflow is essentially all set up, right? Skills are ready to go. It's inside Obsidian. Now, alls we have to do is execute it. So, let's do that. And in our use case, what we will ask for is we will ask for Claude Code to go search up videos that have to do with Claude Code and MCP. I want to find out the top five MCP servers. So, I wanted to go grab the sources and I wanted to do analysis not just what on the top five are, but how are those videos doing? Like, what is driving views? What are some sort of outliers? What are the gaps? And what can we do to capitalize on that? And I'll also ask for it to take that analysis and create an infographic for me. And that's the exact prompt you see here. I have my YouTube pipeline skill up and loaded. I could have used natural language, but anytime you use the slash command, you know it's going to work 100%. Like I said, YouTube MCP cla code analysis and I ask for an infographic. So you can see it's starting the pipeline calling the subsklls with notebook LM as well as YT search. And again, the great thing about this notebook LM stuff is the fact that all this processing by the AI is done by notebook LM. Like these are tokens you're not paying for and cloud code doesn't have to use. This is all offloaded to Google. Thanks Google. So after 6 minutes, the analysis is complete. know that most of the time when you're talking about like just like text analysis and you want to know what uh Notebook LM is giving back to you, that's pretty quick. The deliverables can take time. So if you're looking for a full slide deck for example, that can sometimes take up to 15 minutes, right? Cuz it's several images it needs to create. If it's just like a one-off like an infographic, handful of minutes. So here's our infographic, right? Talking about MCP. Cool. We didn't give it a lot of um guidance in terms of the visuals that we wanted to see, but solid, right? Subase context 7 playright. All right, breaks it down into autonomous coding and the essential vibe coding stack. So what did they say? Superbase, Figma, Sentry, Post Hog, Context 7, Playright. Can't argue with that. And then up top, you can see here it gave us the full markdown file for the research. Now remember, this is inside Obsidian. While this seems just like a normal markdown file where stuff is randomly in double brackets, it's a much more it's much more obvious and easy for us as human beings to see this in context via Obsidian. Here's the same document inside of Obsidian key takeaways servers. It has the back links that will show me the other articles it's related to. I can see it inside of the graph, right? Cool stuff. But that's not where the obsidian value ends. Remember the obsidian value is the fact that I have you can see it over here on the left all these markdown files which taken in the aggregate pretty much show claude code how it is I work and if we look over here to the claude MD file and that's what we see right here the cla MD file becomes that brain within a brain right if this vault is the second brain of mine where I have all these ideas well the claude MD file is again the brain within the brain that tells Claude what this all means and what that means in terms of conventions of how to talk to me, how to give me deliverables, how I want things done. And so, like I said, over time, this vault will grow and grow and grow and grow. But it's very easy for Claude MD to grow along with it and again be trained and learn and grow alongside this corpus of knowledge. And it's as simple as telling Cloud Code, hey, update CloudMD based on our latest conversations so these conventions are maintained and you're actually doing what I want to do. And that's as simple as saying, can we update CloudMD so it better reflects my work style, analysis, and output preferences based on our latest conversations? Right? Something as broad as that is enough for Claude to kind of like go nuts with it. If you want to be more specific, you can be more specific, right? That's the great thing about this is it's very flexible and it's up to you. And over time, that relationship between claude code and Obsidian is what is going to cause it to improve its performance, right? Doing that over the course of a week won't have too much of an effect. Doing it over a month definitely will. Doing it over a year and hundreds of hundreds of documents and conversations, that will have a huge lasting effect. So, that is where I'm going to leave you guys today. I hope you got more out of it than just this workflow in particular and you know a little inside view of how I do my sort of content research because again the big cell here with this is that we can take all this away right and alls we need is some sort of workflow in some manner that helps you right and whatever it is you do and if we can take that workflow and turn it into skills and even turn a mass of skills into a single skill and plug it into this sort of pipeline well then we get the situation where everything is helping helping each other, right? So, and again on the long term, tons of value there. So, let me know in the comments what you thought. As always, if you want to learn more about Claude Code, you want to check out the Claude Code Masterass, check out Chaseai Plus. There's a link to that in the comments. And as always, I'll see you

=== Claude Code Skills Just Got a MASSIVE Upgrade ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxfeF4bSBYI

If you have spent any time at all inside of Claude Code, then you know that skills are one of its most powerful features by far. But if you start creating your own custom skills, you realize there are still a few drawbacks. Namely, there is no systemized way to test or improve these skills. And we still have the issue where Claude Code doesn't even trigger the right skill half the time, if at all. But yesterday, Enthropic dropped something that fixes all three of those problems and gives us a simple way to improve all of our current skills and all the ones we're going to build in the future. And that solution is the new and improved skill creator skill. And what this does is it helps us write evals, run benchmarks, and keep our skills working in the future as these models capabilities evolve. Now, this is a big deal because up until now, we had, as I said before, no systematic way to do this. And what Enthropic is buying us with this new skill creator is the ability to apply some of the rigor of software development, primarily testing, benchmarking, and iterative improvement without you having to write any code. You're no longer in the dark when it comes to asking yourself, is my skill actually doing what it's supposed to do in the most optimal manner possible? We can now test all that. And before we go into the details of how this is all working under the hood, let's look at some of the outcomes this is going to give us. Here's an example of the sort of benchmarking you can now do. We can run AB tests with the skill and without the skill. We can run parallel agents. So we have multiple tests running at the same time. And so right here we're taking a look at the PDF creation skill which is one of Cloud Code's official plugins. And you can see how it works with the skill versus we without the skill. We can see the tokens, the pass rate, the total time. We have a bunch of insights now to make real decisions. Here's another example showing some of the optimizations we can do with this new skill creator tool. Like I alluded to before, you've probably had issues where you tell Claude Code or assume Claude Code's going to use a certain skill and it doesn't. Well, we can kind of get rid of that problem. And you can see that here in the blue and in the green are situations where we have optimized the skill. And you can see that Claude Code is now much more likely to use the skill as it should versus where we've been all this time, which is in that gray zone where you're like, it's a 50/50 shot if Claude Code actually uses it. And so what this creator skill is ultimately going to buy you is the testing. And that testing is going to turn a skill that seems like it works into one you know that works. Whether we're testing a skill against baseline cloud code or testing a current iteration of a skill versus some supposed optimizations. And that's huge insight we haven't had. So in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to get the skill working for yourself, what's going on under the hood, and some real use cases. So let's get started. So to understand how to use the skill creator, we first need to understand skills and the two different types of skills because depending on the type of skill, it changes what we're looking at in the eval. But first, a quick word from our sponsor, yours truly. So just this week, I released a cloud code masterass inside of Chase AI Plus. There is a link to that in the comments. I take you from zero to essentially AI dev in the practical manner, no matter your technical background or lack thereof. So, if this is something you're serious about and you kind of want to learn how can I make this a career, make sure to check that out. Now, back to our regularly scheduled programming. What are skills? Skills, as you know, are just text prompts. I mean, hey, this is the actual skill creator skill this whole video is about. Skills are just a text prompt that tells Claude code how to do a certain thing in a certain way. That's it. And skill comes in two types. They are either a capability uplift or they are an encoded preference. Now, what does that mean? Well, let's first talk about capability uplift. Capability uplift means this is a skill that lets Claude code do something better than it otherwise would. So, Claude Code sucks at something and the skill helps it be less sucky at that. Great example is front-end design, right? Here's a look at a typical website Claude Code would build for you without the front-end design skill, right? Generic AI slob. However, with a skill like the front-end design skill, what do we get? We get a better website, right? It's improved its capability. Most skills fall under that first category. Here's a list of all the official anthropic skills and things like PDF, PowerPoint Creator. These were MCP Builder, Doc X, right? It's just improving cla code in a very specific domain. Now, the second type of skill is encoded preference. What does encoded preference mean? That means this is a skill that is more like a workflow. So, I want claude code to do something it's already pretty good at, but I want it to do it in a specific way. Either because this is just how I like it or this is how my team does it. An example of this is from a previous video I did a couple days ago, right? Remember how I showed you guys how to connect claw code with notebook LM? Well, we can turn that into an encoded preference skill. So, what was the workflow? And this skill can encompass other skills. So, the original workflow was we search YouTube for creators using a YouTube search skill. From there, we send that information to notebook LM using the notebook LM skill. We then analyze that information on notebook LM again using the notebook LM skill. And then we can create deliverables like, hey, create me a PowerPoint based on your analysis. Before that all goes into cloud code. We can then combine all of that into an overarching skill, right? We could call this thing the YouTube pipeline, right? The YouTube pipeline skill that then becomes an encoded preference skill because cloud code can do all these things individually just fine. But I'm saying, hey, I want you to do A, B, C, and D in the specific order, and I want the end result to look like this specific thing. That's an encoded preference skill. Now, why do we care about delineating these two in the first place? Well, that's because how we evaluate these two things is different. As Claude code states here, this distinction matters because these two types of skills may need different testing for different reasons. Capability uplift skills, remember front-end design thing, may become less necessary as models improve. Eval evals tell you when that's happened, right? Think about it. The front-end design skill is a great example. We have Opus 4.6 right now, right? It creates an AI slop. Therefore, we need the front-end design skill to fix that. Well, what happens when Opus 5.0 0 comes out, what if opus 5.0 is even better than this? Would it still make sense to use the front-end design skill in that case? Probably not. In fact, during that model upgrade, the front-end design skill might give you worse outputs. So, it's important we have evaluations that can tell us when that happens. The skill creator does that. Now, as for encoded preference skills, right, they're more durable, but they're only as valuable as their fidelity to your actual workflow. And the eval verify that fidelity. What does that mean? Well, that means this setup, this pipeline, this is only as good as my ability to ensure it's actually working in this manner, right? And it's actually following my steps. The skills creator make sure makes sure I know that's actually occurring, right? It's not a black box. I can actually see what's occurring via tests. And these tests in eval are the data in the insight that allows us to improve the skills. Right? Up until now, it's been in a black box. Well, now we can see what's actually occurring. This is huge. Honestly, this is really, really big. Now, Enthropic gives us a bunch of examples of this optimization in action, including this one, showing a huge difference between how it was able to fill out PDF forms. I'll put a link to this down below in the description. So, if you want to check it out, make sure you read this. Now, before we hop into Claude Code and I show you how to load the skill up, let's first talk about what the tests are actually doing. First, it's catching regressions and quality. Again, this is the idea that the model has improved. Has the skill caught up with it or has it been passed by? This is where the benchmark mode comes in. And this is the same graphic I showed you at the beginning of the video where we can do these AB testing where we show with the skill or without the skill. This includes multi- aent support. So right, we don't just have to do skill versus no skill. We can do two skill versions and we can run 5 6 7 8 tests all at once simultaneously. So this isn't a long laborious process when it comes to skill testing. And then lastly, we don't just want to measure output quality. We want to make sure it actually triggers. Again, it is super annoying when you expect it to trigger a skill and it doesn't. We can fix that. And the biggest way we fix that is by tuning the descriptions for reliable triggering. In case you didn't know, the way skills work is they're not all preloaded. You could have a 100 skills. They don't just live in the system prompt. Instead, Claude Code essentially has a list of all your skills with the title and like a 100word description of them. As your list of skills grow, it becomes more and more important that that description is tight, right? So it knows exactly when to use it because hey too broad you get false triggers. We definitely don't want that. Too narrow and it never fires. So there is a balancing act here. You have to be able to thread the needle and the skill creator does that all for us. Again you want proof look at the skill description optimization results that I also showed earlier. Now let me show you how to load it in cloud code cuz it's very very simple. So to install the skill creator inside of cloud code, you're just going to do forward/plugin and then in the search bar just search for skill creator. Mine's already installed and you can see it right here. Skilled-creator. It's an official Claude Code plugin. Once you install it, it's going to tell you, hey, you need to exit Claude Code. So, just do for/exit and then spin it up again. And as always, remember, if you don't know what a skill can do or how to use it, you can just ask cloud code, what can the skill creator skill do for me, right? Create new skills from scratch, modify and improve existing skills, run evals and benchmarking, and optimize trigger descriptions. And to use it to do any of those things, either just say to cloud code, hey, I want to use the skill creator skill to do A, B, or C or just do forward slashskill creator. And here you can see me using the skill creator tool to create the YouTube pipeline skill. I deleted its old version and wanted to create a new one showcasing the skill. Remember the YouTube pipeline skill is this guy. I wanted to search YouTube for whatever I asked it to. I wanted to upload it to Notebook LM. I wanted to do analysis and then if I want to I want it to create some sort of deliverable for me, you know, in case I want a infographic or slide deck or whatever. I just wanted that to be one skill. And so you can see it coming up with the entire design. Breaks it down into six steps. And that's why I like doing this in plan mode, too, so you can really get visibility on what it is it's going to build, right? You can see here how I'll build it. Invoke skill creator, etc., etc. And then I had it run in Evale. because this was an encoded preference skill. What we're really looking at here, remember, is that fidelity to make sure it actually works. So, it told me I get a qualitative review and it said its recommendation was just run one eval only. And what it was testing was these nine things and it passed all nine, right? And what we're looking for with these workflow type skills is fidelity. Is it actually running all the steps in the manner it's supposed to and in the order it's supposed to? In this case, it did. And on top of that, it gave me some more insights to the testing as well as the stats. And if I tested a different skill, say some sort of capability uplift skill, this is where you would seen more the AB testing with the skill versus not with the skill. And if I had done testing with with this particular pipeline where I was like, hey, let me check some certain optimizations. That is where you would also have seen that sort of AB testing come to play. So all in all, I think this is a huge update when it comes to skills. Skills are one of the easiest ways to supercharge your performance. And the skill creator is pretty much supercharging the skills themselves, right? Anytime we can like get away from the black box of AI and actually see what's happening under the hood and therefore make informed decisions, the better, right? You want control. You want consistency. You want anything in this you claude code relationship that gets you away from just being like an accept monkey hitting yes, let's do this, yes, let's do that. Like I want some information. I want to actually know what's going on so I can make informed decisions and guide Claude code along the correct path. But this is where I'm going to leave you guys for today. I hope this gave you some insight into the new skill creator tool skill and how it's actually all working under the hood. Make sure you check out the Cloud Code Masterass if that's something you're interested in. Again, inside of Chase A plus in the pinned comment. I also have my free school with tons of free AI resources. You can find that in the description. So, let me know what you thought. And as always, I'll see you

=== Claude Code + Obsidian = UNSTOPPABLE ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRr2rTKriDM

If you're using clawed code and its lack of memory makes it feel like you're starting every single session from scratch, then you got to check out this one tool that can fix all your problems. And that tool is Obsidian. It's free. It's simple to use. And it's going to help us unlock persistent memory for clawed code all while boosting our performance in the process. This allows us to do things that other tools like Open Claw claim to do yet fail completely at, like actually remember things about us and act in a way that a real human personal assistant would. Now, Obsidian is one of those rare tools that really does feel like a value ad across the board. So, I'm really excited for this lesson. So, let's just hop into it. So, let's first talk about what Obsidian actually is. Obsidian is an orchestration layer, an organization layer on top of your markdown files in a specific folder known as a vault. Obsidian is free. It is not open source, but everything we create and use with Obsidian is ours, right? We own it. Obsidian does it. There's no vendor lock. This isn't like Notion. And the real value ad for Obsidian from our point of view is its ability for us to see how our different notes and files and folders connect. So if I have something open right here, you can see how this connects to other related notes and files, right? And you can see over here on the right, we also have these like visual graphs that show us how different documents and projects relate to one another. Obsidian also has a huge plug-in community. So everything that you'll see today is just on the base level Obsidian, but there are 2736 ways to spice it up if you want to. But why should you care about any of that? How does Obsidian actually relate to you and claude code and your productivity? Well, to answer that question, you need to understand the symbiotic relationship between these two things and you. So, first and foremost, we have Obsidian and you. What do you get out of this relationship? Well, you get what I just saw, right? The ability to look at files and click through it and see how they connect and have like visual insight between all of your folders and notes. The problem is for me to actually do this and get the full value from Obsidian as a user, I have to actually draft up all these markdown files and I have to draft them up in a specific way that they link, right? I have to like make sure, hey, I do the double brackets, I find the note I want, I link it, right? Pain in the butt. You're never going to do this in reality, right? No one's manually doing this in today's day and age. Enter obviously Claude Code. Claude Code will do all of that for us. Claude Code essentially supercharges the Obsidian experience for you because whatever you tell Claude Code, whether that's through text or prompts or brain dubs or just, you know, verbal diarrhea, right? Whatever you give Claude Code, it's going to turn that into a proper markdown file in the Obsidian format. Link it all together so you, the end user, can get better insights into your notes and your projects and your thoughts. What if that's all it did? Well, you still really wouldn't care, right? Neat. I can see more of my thoughts. I already know my thoughts. They're in my brain. How does this affect claw code? Well, by virtue of creating an organized hierarchy of your notes and actually connecting them all, Obsidian improves Claude code. Now, think of all this in terms of Claude Code acting as a personal assistant for you. And I use that demonstration on purpose because that's the sort of use case where you will get the most value add in this sorts of situation because when it comes to personal context, it's very wide in terms of breadth and the things you're talking about. Think of like daily notes and random projects you're working on, things you're just throwing claudes away, right? Huge breadth and it compounds over time, right? So if we're just talking about daily notes for a couple weeks, easy enough. How about daily notes for a couple years, right? These things add up. And so by having an organized system of these notes and having them linked together and they actually like make sense when you look at them, this helps claude code, right? Because when you ask it to do stuff and gain insights on things and essentially find relationships between documents, it helps to have that organization because that helps cloud code that helps you, right? Whatever gives cloud code better performance and insight, ultimately that rolls downhill. And hopefully by getting better insights from cloud code based on your interactions with cloud code, that will improve interactions down the line, which will then become files that are properly notated and organized inside of Obsidian, which then come to you who can actually see them. And this whole thing isn't just a black box. That's the value ad here with Obsidian. Obsidian is supercharged by Claude Code by virtue of organizing your files. That improves Claude Code's performance, which ultimately makes you happy. That's the relationship. That's what this is all about. Now, you might be thinking, "That's all well and good, Chase, but like, can't I just have a giant file system and throw Markdown files in there forever and ever and ever and won't claw code being as effective as it is, still be able to handle all those files?" The answer is yes to a certain degree. And this is kind of like a spectrum, right? Like on one hand, you can be the average user over here on the left who's very lazy and uses cloud code as a personal assistant. You just throw crap at at it. And if you think of it as like being in a warehouse with all of your files and data, like you just have papers on the ground, right? They're just thrown everywhere. Cloud code is good enough to handle this, although that disorganization does come at a cost. The other cost is to you, right? This then becomes a black box. You as the human cannot possibly sift through all that information, right? So you aren't operating at full capacity and neither's cloud code. On the other end of the spectrum, right, we could get we could go away from just markdown files in a folder system and we can instead go nuts and create some sort of like graph rag system, right? This nuclear bomb approach that's going to have embeddings and analysis and all this stuff. The problem is if we do the rag approach for most people that's too much and it's also too much to expect from them to be able to build and maintain that right if over here you know we have papers thrown on the ground this is the library of congress right you don't need that what we need is a happy medium right and what is that happy medium in most cases well it's actually obsidian because instead of papers on the ground or the library of congress I just want like a filing cabinet that's kind of organized for me and the offer here is Obsidian is going to be the filing cabinet and It's a filing cabinet that is free both in terms of actual cost and it's not like this is costing us tokens. This isn't some sort of heavy framework on top of cloud code changing how we interact with it. This is kind of honestly free value, you know, and it's not free value in terms of like, oh, if you use Obsidian after this video, your life's going to change and you're going to be able to do projects you couldn't. Not really. But it's one of these on the margin plays that I think are kind of rare and that like it's almost just like a straight plus with no negatives, right? Someone's walking down the street, they're just going to hand you 20 bucks. Are you going to say no because it's not a h 100red bucks? Absolutely not. You're going to take it. So, this video is about how do we take that $20 and use it? Now, to use it, we first need to download it. So, you're just going to head to obsidian.md or just Google Obsidian. Go to the download page and download and run through the installer. It's going to ask you a couple question. And it's going to ask you where do you want your vault and what do you want to call it. So the vault is just a folder where essentially the Obsidian orchestration is going to live. The folder could be anywhere on your computer. It could be on your desktop. So you just have the folder. It's known as Obsidian's vault, but you don't have to call it the vault for this demo. It is literally called the vault. And inside of that folder, that's where all our markdown files are going to be. So the vault could have subfolders like, you know, daily notes, research, and projects. And inside daily notes are the markdown files, right? All of the daily notes for that particular day as just text documents. And like you saw, if I click on those text documents, I have the Obsidian document. When I say Obsidian document, I'm talking about this, right? We can look at this inside of something like our terminal or we can actually open up Obsidian and look at it. Same thing. So, after you download it, just decide where you want the vault to live. I suggest putting it wherever you put most of your Claude code projects. And now to have this relationship with Obsidian Cloud Code, you will just start a new project inside of that vault. Once you create the vault, all you have to do is open your terminal, navigate to a folder inside the vault, or just be in the vault itself and start up cloud code. You can see here I'm inside mine, users chase the vault, and over here on the left hand side, you can see all the files and folders. And this is my personal thing, and most of it's related to content creation. So you can see stuff for research, for projects, for people, inbox, daily notes, etc., etc. Now, when I look at these files inside of cursor, it looks just like a normal markdown file because that's all it is. Now, there's certain conventions that Obsidian follows, but guess who knows these conventions? Claude Code knows these conventions. So when you're working inside the vault, all you have to do is tellclaude code inside of its claw.md file and say, "Hey, all markdown files need to follow obsidian conventions." Furthermore, there are a million and one repos out there that have to do with creating Obsidian skills for Cloud Code. So, if you want to take it a step further and give Claude code specific Obsidian skills, just Google Obsidian skills repos or literally just tell Claude Code, "Hey, uh, go ahead and do a web search on the best practices for Claude code and Obsidian skills and create those, right? That easy." So, now let's talk about how we can use this markdown file setup and this sort of memory infrastructure to actually improve Claude code, especially from the position of a personal assistant. And the way we're going to do that is through the claude.md file. And that's what you're looking at right here. So remember the claude.md file traditionally is a file that you use in your project that essentially lists all your conventions. You also have the ability to do something like slashinit, right? And claude will automatically go through your entire codebase, figure out what you're doing and why, and put it in this file, this claw.md. It almost acts like a system message in the sense that claude code is always going to be looking at this right to make sure it's doing what you say. Now recently, relatively le recently, there has been a big push against things like claw.md files and slashinit in general. Now this is in response to this study that came out last month called evaluating agents.mmd. Are repository level context files helpful for coding agents? I'll put a link to this down below. The long and short of it is is that this study pretty much said that using stuff like Claude MD, these like system message add-ons that are supposed to enforce particular conventions are actually a net negative and they hurt the AI system. The reason for that is is often times these conventions don't make sense with how we actually create projects, right? oftentimes we're doing like the UI in one section and the back end in another section, the authentication in another place, yet it's constantly bringing in all the conventions. All that to say is a lot of people are saying don't use CloudMD. However, in the context of a personal assistant where our conventions don't have to do with code, they're conventions about how we think and conventions about how I want you to write the markdown files in relation to Obsidian. CloudMD is perfect for that, right? CloudMD is perfect for that. And one of the ways Obsidian allows us to improve this is because all of these files are already organized. It is really easy to turn this claw.md file into a living breathing document. What you see here is a few weeks of essentially using Obsidian and Claude code. I am by no means an Obsidian expert. I've not been using this for months and months and months. However, 3 months from now, 6 months from now, 9 months from now, or just like a month from now, as I continue to add on to this, one of the great Obsidian Claude code plays you can do is say, "Hey, take a look at all our notes. Compare it to our Claude MD file. Now, make them kind of match and improve the conventions." The idea being that your personal assistant Claude code continues to become closer and closer to this, you know, Jarvis type character you want by virtue of having more information about you. And in essence, what we get is we get this brain within a brain, right? This entire vault system is essentially your second brain, right? But this claude MD is like, you know, what everyone call like the frontal cortex. It's like this is the one that's actually making the decisions and it's distilled our thinking template into one file and it can always take a look at the details as needed and this is the sort of way you should approach the clawed code and Obsidian relationship. Now how you ultimately leverage all of this into something that is useful for you is obviously up to you. How I've been using this lately is pretty much what you saw from my last video. And if you haven't seen it, it was essentially using Claude code as a research agent on steroids in combination with a YouTube search skill and notebook LM. Well, what do you think I'm doing with all this research information I'm gathering from that workflow? I'm dumping it here into my second brain to continue to turn Claude code into my personal research content assistant. I want it to be. And in fact, tomorrow's video, at least that's the plan, is to show you exactly how to do that. And really what you should be thinking about in terms of the use cases is again like if you actually did have you know your version of Jarvis, what would it need to know and what would it need to do and figuring out how to execute that in this Obsidian Cloud Code ecosystem is where you're going to make your money. So this is where I'm going to leave you guys today. I hope this video and this conversation was, if nothing else, able to sort of shed some light on this relationship between all three because I think once you understand how they improve one another, you get a good grasp of what Obsidian does and does not buy you because I think the waters are still kind of murky for a lot of people. Um, lastly, as always, hey, if you are trying to learn more about Claude Code and you're someone who doesn't come from a technical background or even someone who does and essentially trying to supercharge their process of learning how to actually use it in a practical manner, I just released my Claude Code master class inside of the Chase AI Plus community. There is a link to that in the comments. So, make sure you check that out if you're someone who's serious about this stuff and is looking to eventually make it some sort of career. So, make sure to leave some comments and let me know what you thought. Also, make sure to go into the description and check out the free Chase community. Again, tons of free resources there if you're just getting started on your AI journey. And as always, I'll see you

=== Claude Code + NotebookLM = CHEAT CODE ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usTeU4Uh0iM

Claude Code might be the most powerful research agent on the planet, but you need to add this one tool to unlock it. Now, most people's version of Claude Code research is just telling it to use the web search tool and praying that whatever it comes back with is good enough. But we can do better because what if I told you with just five minutes of setup, we could create workflows inside of Cloud Code that are able to scrape any section of YouTube, pull their captions, push that information to a free, robust, pre-built rag system that is able to do all the heavy lifting and analysis for us, and then take that analysis and give us deliverables like slide decks, infographics, podcasts, you name it. All while costing us virtually zero tokens. Now, if that sounds way too good to be true, you would normally be right, but not in this case. So, let me introduce you to the most underrated AI tool in the game today, Notebook LM. So, in today's video, I'm going to show you how to combine the powers of Claude Code and Notebook LM to replace a research stack for free that would otherwise cost you hundreds of dollars a month to build and maintain. I'm really excited to show you guys this one. So, let's hop into it. So, let's kick this video off with a demo so you can see how we can use Claude Code to harness all the features of Notebook LM without us ever leaving the terminal. Now, this prompt's going to have Claude Code do a number of things. First, we are going to use our custom YouTube search skill to find the latest trending videos on Claude Code skills. And don't worry, I will show you all these skills and how to get them in a second. After we find the video URLs, I want Claude Code to send those URLs over to Notebook LM using the Notebook LM skill. I then want Notebook LM to do analysis on those videos to figure out what are the top load skills and I want to get that analysis sent to us. Furthermore, I want a deliverable. I don't just want the text analysis. I want an infographic in a handwritten blueprint style depicting that analysis on the top skills. So, with one prompt, we are going to scrape YouTube. We're going to source all of our data. We're going to essentially put it into a rag system because that's what notebook LLM is. We're going to have notebook LM do all the analysis and the deliverables for us offsite which means we don't pay for that in tokens and we get all that for free. So let's see how it works. So here's what we got. Claude Code uploaded 20 YouTube sources into Notebook LM for analysis. Notebook LM then came back with the top five cloud code skills that you see here as well as emerging trends for how they're used. It then created that infographic deliverable for us which automatically populated inside of our project folder. So here's a look at that infographic. Again, this is Nano Banana Pro under the hood that's actually being called and the text here and all the visuals a fit the style that we called for which was like a handwritten blueprint type style. And secondly, and more importantly, all this content is based on the videos and the analysis of those videos. This is it isn't just making stuff up. And we can also see here inside of Cloud Code the videos it grabbed, the title, the creator, the views, the duration, and the date. And all this is reflected inside of notebook LM itself. I can see all the sources it upload. I can see all the analysis. I can see the blueprint guide that we asked for. And while this demo might seem like a rather simplistic application of this, I cannot stress enough the value ad of combining these two tools because this goes way beyond just automating the source process for notebook LM. Everything we did here, we could have done manually inside of notebook LM, right? I could have gone through YouTube manually. I could have found all the videos I want. I could have copy pasted them in. I could have gotten the analysis and I could have gotten a deliverable. The fact that we can automate that is nice, but it's more than that. It's the fact that I can bring all that analysis into my cloud code ecosystem effortlessly. And the use cases of that workflow are pretty much infinite. And the second reason why this combination of tools is so powerful has everything to do with the straightup power of notebook LM. If you tried to recreate what notebook LM does, which is like a scraping system into a rag system into an analysis system into a deliverable system, right, with the infographics, the slide deck, all of that. it would be a gigantic pain in the butt to do. As someone who has tried it, at least on the research side, with things like Naden, it's not a simple process. Furthermore, it costs money and this whole thing is free, which is in large part why I'm so excited to share it with you. And another reason you should be pumped is because how simple it is to set this whole thing up, which is what we're going to cover now. So, when it comes to setting this up, you're probably thinking, "Hey, Chase, how do we actually connect Notebook LM to Cloud Code considering the fact that Notebook LM does not have a public API?" Well, luckily for us, there's people much smarter than you or I who have already solved this problem. In this case, it is Tang Ling, and we will be standing on his shoulders today as we use the Notebook LM-PI GitHub repo to essentially act as an unofficial Python API for Notebook LM. But before we set up Notebook LM, we need to solve the first part of our pipeline, which is actually the YouTube search and the sourcing of the data we want notebook LM to do analysis on. And for that, I have a custom YouTube search skill for Claude Code that does all of this for you. It uses a Python script that relies on the YT- DLP dependency to scrape YouTube's metadata for us. So, when I ask it for, hey, Claude Code skills, it's just like us going on YouTube and searching in Claude Code Skills. It grabs title, views, author, all that important stuff. And this skill you see right here inside of Claude Code teaches Cloud Code how to best use this script. Now, there's two ways to get this skill and this script up and running. The first is rather simple. You just go inside of Cloud Code and explain that you wanted to build this custom skill for you that you want to use the YTDLP dependency to create a custom YouTube scraper. Or if you want this entire YouTube search skill setup MD file and you can just download it and hand it to Claude Code, you can do that too. and you can get it by heading to my free school community which you can find a description for. Now, speaking of my school communities, inside of Chase AI Plus, you can also find my Claude Code master class, which I just released a few days ago. So, if you're someone who is kind of in the beginning of their AI journey, is trying to figure out how can I best leverage Claude Code, even if I'm not technical, but I really want to master what is definitely the most powerful AI tool in the game. Well, that's the place for you. And if you're interested in that, just check the link in the pin comment. So once you download the YouTube search skill setup file, just give it to Claude Code and tell it to go to work or you can just manually prompt Cloud Code to build it for you. Now let's head back here and set up the notebook LM connection. So I'll put a link to this down in the description as well. And the install is pretty simple. So to install this, we are just going to copy these commands, paste it inside of our terminal, which means, hey, if you're looking at cloud code, you're wrong. You need to open a second terminal that looks like this, and paste in those commands. After you run these initial installation commands, what you want to do is scroll down here and we're gonna have to run one more command in the CLI and that's the notebook LM login command. Same thing as before, head into another terminal, paste this in there. That's going to open a new window in Chrome. All you have to do is login. You just have to do it once and you're all set. Now, after you authenticate with the notebook LM login, there's one more thing you have to do and we need to do the skill. So to do the skill inside of claude code right you can either run this command in the terminal or just tell cloud code to do it. So understand also what we've done we've done two things on the notebook lm side. You have the skill and then you have like the actual API the program. Remember skills are just prompts. It's just text telling cloud code how to do something in a specific manner. So all this information you see here about hey here's how we generate content. Here's how we create the notebook. This skill is teaching Cloud Code how to do that. So once it's installed, you just need to tell Cloud Code, hey, I want you to use Notebook LM to create flashcards or an infographic or slide deck. It's that easy. Everything's just in plain language. And if you're wondering what exactly you can do with this program, well, it's all here inside of the GitHub. Anything you can do in Notebook LM manually, you can do with the API. And some as you can see here, beyond the web UI, we can also do batch downloads, export the quiz and flashcards, etc., etc. So we actually get more functionality using this program than you would do just loading up notebook yourself. So let's actually go through it one step at a time so you understand how it's working. So the first thing is that YouTube search skill. So like any skill, we can either use it as a slash command or you can just use plain language. But if I do yt- search, you see we have query and then the count. So what are we looking for? Hey, we're looking for claude code skills. And so while in the demo we did everything at once, I think it's useful to break it up sometimes. So you can first get eyes on what your sources are actually going to be. So here's the results it comes back with right at any time. We can also check the YouTube links ourselves. And what's nice with this skill is it will also give you some insight about what's actually going on with what it brought back. So if you're happy with the sources now, we can push it into Notebook LM. So again, you can just use plain language. Create a new notebook in Notebook LM titled Chase Demo with these sources we just pulled. And we can see it created the notebook and now it's going to be populating it with its sources. So after a couple minutes all 20 sources are loaded and you're limited to 50 sources with notebook LM. And at this point you can have notebook do whatever you want. So we can say based on those videos what does notebook LM believe is the number one cloud code skill. Now again the cool thing with this is all this analysis is offloaded. Cloud code isn't doing this analysis. Cloud code isn't spending tokens. It's only spending a small amount of tokens to send that request to notebook LM and bring it back. But all the thinking is done by Google and they're paying for it. So Claude Code grabbed Notebook LM's analysis and we can see that reflected here inside of notebook LM itself. So you can always double check and click inside of notebook LM if you wanted to see like what captions it's referencing to. And this cadence also applies for all the deliverables. So right if you want the audio overview, the mind map, the flashcards, the infographics, anything you see over here on the right, just prompt cloud code and it will do it for you. It's that easy. So, how you end up leveraging this research workflow is ultimately up to you, but I really can't stress enough how wild this thing is. It seems pretty simple on the surface, but I'm telling you, if you've tried to deal with anything like this, especially with the YouTube video stuff and actually trying to create some like corpus of knowledge from these videos in a way that claude code or some other agent coder can interact with it, it's pretty difficult, right? And it's very timeconuming and it can be rather brittle. yet all of this is abstracted away for free with notebook LM. So I think this is an awesome tool. I hope you can get some use out of it. As always, like I said before, all the resources can be found in my school communities. If you need the MD file for the uh skill for the YouTube search skill, make sure you see that in the free one. And again, if you're a little more serious about this stuff and you're like, I really just want to have like a cloud code master class that gets me from like zero to AI dev, make sure to check out Chase AI Plus. So, let me know what you thought of this in the comments.

=== 567 Hours of Claude Code Lessons in 20 Minutes ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVEoyx349Hk

I am going to teach you the most important things you need to know about cloud code. Whether you're in the beginner stage, the intermediate stage, or if you're a pro. This is something that I wish I had when I began my cla journey because it is without a doubt the most powerful AI tool in the world today. But with all that power does come a little confusion with trying to figure out how to actually use it in the most optimal way possible. So, this video is going to cut through all that noise. It's going to give you information that actually matters and that you can put into practice today. So, let's get started. So, tip number one is the install. They have drastically smoothed out this process over the last couple months, and it is literally one line of code. Whether you're on Mac, Windows, or Linux, you're just going to copy the command for your operating system, open up your terminal, paste it in, hit enter, and it will walk you through the setup process. It takes less than a minute. Now, tip number two is all about where you can use cloud code because you don't have to stay inside the terminal and it can be kind of intimidating to do so if you've never been here before. Instead, we can use IDE, integrated development environments. And that's just a fancy way of saying we get a nice graphical interface to help us use Cloud Code. And there's a ton of free options. Right here is Visual Studio Code. So, I still have my terminal right here with Cloud Code, but on the left I can see all the folders and files I'm working on. And if I click on them, I can also see everything that's going on in the file itself, which is very intuitive. Other options include things like cursor or even claude code desktop, which again, you're getting the full power of Claude Code, but now we're doing it in a graphical interface that's a bit easier to manage. Now, tip number three is permissions. And you see me, as I hit shift tab on the keyboard, run through all the different permission settings inside of Cloud Code. These settings dictate what Claude can and can't do without my explicit permission. So, when nothing is shown there, we're on the default setting, and that means it can only read files on its own. But if it wants to make any edits or changes, it's going to ask me first. If I'm on accept edits on, it can make file changes on its own without asking me. But if it wants to do bash commands, aka actually interact with my computer itself, whether that's installing dependencies or doing something like file deletions, it's going to ask me for my explicit permission. Now, this one right here, bypass permissions on, is a special permission setting which requires you to start up Claude Code in a specific manner. If I want this, I have to start Claude Code with claude-dangerously skip permissions. Now, what does this allow claude code to do? It allows it to make changes to my computer, things like downloading certain dependencies or deleting files without my explicit permission. This is a bit more dangerous, but it does allow you to run through your workflows more quickly. So, as you become more advanced, this is something you probably will be doing, but at the beginning, if that seems too scary, I would just stick with accept edits on. Now, tip number four is something you might have just seen, and that is plan mode on. This is one of the most powerful features of Claude Code, and it's what you need to be on settings wise every single time you start a new project or try to implement a brand new feature. And plan mode is just what it sounds like. If I give Claude Code some sort of task like, "Hey, create a simple task tracker app with React and basic UI, instead of just taking that command and running with it and starting to code right away, it's instead going to have a back and forth with me where it asks me questions and we figure out what the best path is forward and then it's going to create an entire plan that I can take a look at before it goes and actually executes it. And here's the plan it came up with for our simple app. It goes through the setup, what files are going to be changed, the general app design, the steps, and then the verification. We're then presented with a few options. Yes, clear context. Yes, bypass permissions. Yes, manually approve edits. Or you can tell it whatever you want, like, hey, let's go back. I want to do this differently or that differently. Most of the time, when you're ready to actually execute it, you're going to say yes, clear context and bypass permissions. And we'll talk a little bit more in the intermediate session about context windows and why this clear context is so important. Now, as it begins executing, it's going to break down all the features into essentially a checklist that you can watch it complete in real time. Now, beginner tip number five are slash commands. And they're just what they sound like. If I do forward slash in the prompt window, you can see a bunch of different potential slash commands I can execute. And there is quite a few of them. Luckily, as you do this, cla code will explain what each one does, but there's a few that you definitely want to have handy. You're going to use quite a bit. Now, the first one you probably want to know is model. So, if I do forward/model, I have the ability to switch between the different models anthropic gives me. So, by default, you have opus 4.6. I could do opus 4.6 with a greater context window, sonnet or highq. This is especially important if you're sort of token conscious or costconscious and don't always want to be using the most powerful model. I also have the ability to adjust the effort level. So, how much thinking Opus does because chances are I don't always need to use higheffort Opus 4.6 a nuclear bomb for every single task. Now, another useful slash command is rewind. So, if I do rewind, I have the ability to go back in time essentially to a previous point of the conversation and a previous point of the code. So, think of it as going back to a previous save point. So if you did something you didn't like instead of telling it, hey let's go back and explaining exactly what you want to change just do /re. Another very important slash command is slashcontext. This command gives us a view of what our context window looks like. And this brings us into section two, our intermediate section, and that is context window management, which is one of the most important things you can understand when working with cloud code. So, let's quickly go over context windows and tokens because it is extremely important you understand how this works if you want to get the most out of this tool. Anything Claw does costs tokens. It is the currency of AI systems. Anytime I send a message or receive a message, anytime Claude Code uses a tool or looks at a system prompt or uses an MCP, that costs tokens. Now, we have a token budget for Claude Code. That is 200,000 tokens. Now, the problem isn't the amount of tokens we can use, right? There's systems that have a million token windows. The problem is the idea of context rot. And context rot tells us that when we hit about a 100,000, so the halfway mark for cloud code or about 120,000 tokens, the effectiveness of our AI system drops drastically, right? It begins to nose dive. And so, if we know that, then it's very important that we stay out of this danger area of the back half of our context window. if we want to do something of any complexity. So, what that means is we always need to have our finger on the pulse in terms of how much of our context window we have eaten up. And if we realize we're getting closer to the red zone, we need to start over. We need to reset that context window. And let me show you how to do that. So, like I just showed you, we can just do forward/context at any time and see where we're at with our context window. As of right now in this session, we are at 21,000 out of 200,000 tokens, only 11%. But let's say I was approaching 60 70% and I wanted to reset it. Well, I can simply do slash slashcle and that will clear my entire conversation history in that session and reset my token count. Now, this might seem kind of scary because you're probably used to working with AI systems in a web app. And if you clear the whole history, it has no context and you're essentially just talking to a random bot that has no idea what's going on. Luckily for us, inside of Cloud Code, it always has context because it can always take a look at our files and our project and see what we've done up until that point. So restarting the conversation isn't really a hit. But constantly doing slashcontext can get kind of annoying. So what we can do instead is we can have Cloud Code create a status line for us that always shows the amount of context used. You see that down here, right? You see it shows me what folder I'm in, CC stuff, what model I'm on, Opus 4.6, and my context percentage. So I always have a running essentially tally of where I'm at, which is great for actually getting the most out of this tool. Now, this doesn't come out of the box and there's two ways to get this. One, you can use the code you find in my school to just copy paste in the cloud code and it'll build it for you. Or you can just prompt cloud code and say, build me a status line with context window percentage always visible and it will go ahead and do it for you. And by managing your context window in this manner, this will put you way way way ahead of the competition that doesn't think about this at all and instead allows claude code to just autocompact, which is what happens if you never manually clear and you hit the limit, it will just reset it again for you. We don't want to do that. Now, tip number seven is Git and GitHub. We talked a little bit earlier about rewind, right? If I do for/re, I can go back in time to where my code previously was and where the conversation was. Essentially, a safe point. But this is very much a novice's approach to code save points and version control. Instead, we should be using Git and GitHub. Think of GitHub as a free place where you can store all your code save points. That's pretty much how it works. It's completely free to create an account on GitHub. It's the industry standard for a reason. And Claude Code is very much an expert in how to use Git and GitHub. Git is essentially just the underlying program that allows us to create code save points and then push them to our GitHub repository. And getting that all to work is as simple as saying connect my GitHub account, commit this code and then push. So it will walk you through the steps of how to connect your GitHub account. Very simple. Committing this code, think of that as saving the code. When someone says commit your code, that essentially just means create a save point. And then it says then push. Push is the idea of I've saved it using git and now I'm actually going to push it to GitHub and it's going to live on a repository there that I can visit at any time and essentially see my code. Now tip number eight is debugging. What do we do when things go wrong? Let's take our task tracker app for example. Let's say there was something wrong with like this button, right? Or just the UI design in general. Well, instead of just describing it to Claude code, I can actually take a screenshot of that and then I can go and just drop it into the prompt just like you would inside of chat GBT or the Claude web interface. The second troubleshooting step is just to copy and paste the errors into cloud code. Let's say I had an issue deploying my application and I'm getting an error somewhere outside of the cloud code infrastructure. In this case, I'm on Versell. Well, it's as simple as copying this code, bring it into cloud code and saying, "Hey, I'm having this issue." And the third troubleshooting step is to just try to avoid it altogether. And during your plan stage, tell Claude Code to execute this in a testdriven development manner. Tip number nine is to use Cloud Code as a research agent. It can do more than just code. It has the ability to actually go out on the web, find information, and use that live data to enhance its answers. For example, again, back to our simple task app. Instead of just saying, "Hey, make this app look nicer," I can instead say, "Make this app look nicer," parenthesis, use your web search to look up best practices for UI design in 2026. Right? This is super important and definitely is a value ad because remember cloud code has a knowledge cutoff, right? Opus 4.6 its cut off I believe is about 9 months ago. But there's things that have happened since then that perhaps you want to bring into your application by telling it to use something like the web search tool. It'll go out online and figure out what the current best practices are. Totally improving your workflows. Now tip number 10 and our last one in the intermediate phase is the most important. That's your mindset using this tool especially especially if you come from a nontechnical background. The thing that is going to trip you up the most using Claude code is that you don't know what you don't know. And you will walk into minefields that you didn't even know exist if you don't tell Claude code that you are lost in the wilderness and you don't really have an idea of what is the best path forward. Now cla code will help a lot especially when we're in plan mode, right? If we're try to come up with a more complex application inside of plan mode, it's going to do some prompting with us. However, you're still kind of leading the way. And the way to go from blindly groping in the dark and hoping Claude code prompts you along the right path is by simply asking Claude code to prompt you along the right path. And that's as simple as saying things like, "What am I not thinking about? Is this the best way forward? What would someone who is an expert in whatever you're trying to build, what would they be doing in this scenario?" Furthermore, when it comes to figuring out why Claude does what it does, you need to take an active approach and an active stance in that relationship. Let's think about our task tracker right here where it just made the UI design stuff. It tells me what I did. But if it tells me it did things and I have no idea what any of those mean, you need to ask Claude Code why it did what it did and what's actually going on under the hood. You don't need to know how to code, but you do need to understand how these building blocks come together. Or else, what is the point of you even being there besides just hitting accept, except accept. Now, claude code is so good and it does all these things so well that you can get pretty far by just being like an accept monkey. But at a certain point, you need to begin to internalize and gain some experience and understanding of what's going on. Or else when you start doing more complicated projects than asking it to create a front end for a task tracker, you are going to fall on your face because you're not going to know the right questions to ask Claude code, right? You don't have to know the answers, but you have to know what to ask at a certain point. And sometimes you do need to nudge it in the right direction. And that is what what is going to separate you ultimately from a brain dead Vive coder to an actual AI developer. Now, you're not going to be there right away. That's going to take time and experience. But the biggest and quickest way to get there again is by simply taking an active role in this relationship. And with that, let's move on to section three, which are some sort of the pro tips for those of you who are more advanced. Now, tip number 11 is all about clawed skills. Now, claude skills are everywhere. You're constantly hearing people talk about them, but there's a little bit of misinformation. So, what exactly are skills? Skills are just marked on files. They are just text files that are for all intents and purposes a specialized prompt telling Claude Code how to do something specific in a specialized manner. For example, what we're looking at right here is the front-end design skill. This is an official skill from Claude Code. It allows us to create user interfaces that are way better than the standard outputs from Claude. And if we take a look at it, what is this? This is just text, right? It's not calling any special tools. It's not doing any f anything fancy under the hood. This is just a prompt. But these prompts can be extremely powerful. And to add skills, particularly the official claude anthropic skills, I can just do for/plugin and you will get access to a marketplace. So we can see some right here. Context 7, superpowers, code review, github. I can see inside my install ones that I have the front-end design tools. So we can search for them there. And to invoke the skills and have cloud code use the skills, I can just say in plain language, use the frontend design skill to improve our UI. And you see right here, skill frontend design successfully loaded skill. We can also invoke the skills using slash commands. So I can do front-end design. And now it's going to know, hey, we're going to use that front-end design skill to do whatever this command is. I can create custom skills. And again to create custom skills, you just say in plain language, I want to create a custom skill that does X, Y, and Z. It will create it for you. You give it some sort of name, and you can invoke it through natural language or through a forward slash command with the name of your skill. It's that simple. Now, tip number 12 is agent teams. I love agent teams. It's actually an experimental feature right now inside of Cloud Code. It's disabled by default, but it's very simple to enable. And Claude Code can enable it itself. If you go to the official Claude Code documentation, simply search for agent teams. You give them this prompt in cloud code. Put that in the prompt. Cloud code will get agent teams up and running. Now, what are agent teams? Agent teams are essentially additional sessions of claude code working underneath your primary session to execute a bunch of tasks in parallel. So again, going back to our task tracker app for an example, let's say I wanted to improve the UI. I wanted to add a blog to it. I wanted to add authentication to it. And I wanted to add some sort of like newsletter thing to it too where people could sign up, right? That's a lot of things to do at once. And instead of having Claude do all of that itself, we can use agent teams and have each team member do a specific thing. And each team member is like having another instance of claude code running. On top of that, to contrast it with the normal sub agent setup where you have multiple versions of cloud code running at the same time, in agent teams, they talk to one another. So the guy that's doing the UI and the guy that's doing the blog and the guy that's doing authentication, they all speak to one another and they even have a team leader coordinating all their actions. So it all fits together. So agent teams are meant to essentially mock or ape an actual dev crew. And to use agent teams, you just need to call it out explicitly. So you need to tell Claude Code, hey, use agent teams to do A, B, C, and D. And once you do that, Cloud Code will then break down what each of those agent team members are going to be doing, what their task is, what files they'll be working with, and you'll also see it down here below where it says four local agents. Now, let's go into tip number 13, which is MCP servers. MCP servers allow you to talk to Cloud Code and have Claude Code interact with some sort of program out there on the internet. So, something like Notion or Figma or Slack or Kama. On and on and on it goes. And it's very simple to actually integrate these MCP servers into your project. If we go to the cloud code documentation and search up MCP for these more popular ones, there is this simple command we can run. We then put that in the prompt and simply have it go to work. Now, if the MCP server you want to use isn't on that list with a command already ready to go, you can just use plain language, too. Just say, hey, set up the whatever MCP server you want. And you can tell it, use your web search for guidance. That way, it's not just fumbling around. it will go out on the web, find the documentation, and set it up accordingly. Now, don't forget MCP servers do take up some portion of your context window. Sometimes they're small, but there are very heavy MCP servers that can right off the bat eat up 10, 15, 20% of your context window right away, even if you're not even using them. If they're loaded, they're taking up tokens. Now, for tip 14, we have cloud code frameworks. This is things like GSD, get done, or BMAD. these sort of frameworks, think of them as like mods for cloud code. It's still cloud code doing everything, but if I use something like GSD on top of cloud code, it sort of just changes the logic for how it approaches certain problems. Now, it's ultimately up to you if you ever want to use frameworks. It's very much a personal preference type thing, but there's a lot of really good frameworks out there that can improve your ability to create complex projects. Well, I think GSD is one of those. its ability to deal with like context window stuff and how it uses sub agents. I really like its approach, but just know these things are out there and for certain use cases, it may make sense to lean on some of these frameworks. Now, the last tip of the pro section is a relatively new one and that is work trees. And this is kind of similar to the idea of agent teams where we had different versions of cloud code working on different tasks simultaneously. Well, work trees allows us to do the same thing, but they work in different git branches. And to do that, you just open up separate terminals with this command. And that's dash-work tree and then whatever feature you're trying to implement. So for our task app, we could have claude workree feature dark mode in one terminal. And in the second terminal, we could have claude workree feature export. So like the ability to like take all my tasks and actually export them as a PDF. We would then run these two cloud code terminals simultaneously, tell them to execute those tasks, and then we'll actually merge the features once they're both done on their particular work. So, those are my 15 most important tips and tricks when it comes to using Cloud Code. Whether you're a complete beginner or you're someone who's a bit more experienced. As always, if you want to learn more about Cloud Code, make sure you check out Chase AI Plus. I just released a comprehensive Cloud Code master class that takes you from zero to AI dev in a practical manner. And it doesn't matter what sort of technical experience you have coming in. It's made for everyone. So definitely check that out down below. Let me know what you thought in the comments of this video. And as always, I'll see you

=== Claude Code + Nano Banana 2 = Insane 3D Websites ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QutvJAP06-A

You can now use AI to build these high-quality premium websites that use these sort of 3D scrolling animations that are also used by organizations like Apple. And the best part is it's actually very simple to implement this sort of thing. And it immediately vaults your website above all the AI slop generic garbage that you see everywhere else. So, in today's video, I'm going to teach you exactly how to do this step by step, combining the power of Clawed Code and the brand new Nano Banana 2. This is the sort of high lever addition that's actually kind of fun to implement. So, let's just hop into it. So, let's kick this off by talking about what's actually going on behind the scenes with this scrolling animation because this is a very cool premium looking asset that's again very simple to implement. Now, at first glance, you might be thinking, "Oh, this is just like a video that loads as I scroll." And that is actually not the case. The way it actually works is we start with an image. So, we're going to use Nano Banana 2, which is the brand new Google image generation model to do this. We create the starting image, right, the keyboard at rest. Then, we create a second image. That second image is the ending scrolling animation. So, in this case, it's the deconstructed keyboard. Then we head to an AI video generation model like cling 3.0 right here and we create a video using those two images. Right? We do a starting frame, we do an end frame, you give it, you get a prompt and again I'm going to give you all the prompts here and we create that video of that transition. From there we take that video, we take that MP4 file and we give it to Claude Code and we tell it, hey, we want to turn this video into a scroll driven frame animation. And there are some best practices for that. Again, I have a whole prompt here which you will bring to Claude Code and it's going to do this for you because there's certain things we need to do to make sure we also have strong performance because what Claude Code is going to do to ensure we do have strong performance is we're going to turn that video essentially into a flip book. We're going to take out all the frames of that video and we're going to load the frames individually as you scroll instead of trying to load a whole video. Now, you're probably thinking 180 frames, isn't that going to crush our performance? not necessarily because we're going to be doing things like pre-loading the frames. We're going to use WEBP instead of JPEG. And again, this is where the prompt comes in with the best practices. And by executing it in that manner, turning it into a flip book versus a video, we can get these buttery smooth animations. So, now that you have some murky idea of how this is working under the hood and a general overview, let's go through it step by step and actually create this from scratch. So, we're first going to start with the image and video generation. And for images, we're going to be using Nano Banana 2. For today, I'm going to be doing all this inside of Higsfield. Higsfield is essentially a one-stop shop for all AI content creation tools, including things like Nano Banana, as well as the video models we're going to be using today, like Cling. Higsfield is running some sort of unlimited sale on Nano Banana 2 as well. So, if you want to use that, definitely check them out. So, we're going to head to Nano Banana 2. So, let's talk about this starting image. First of all, make sure you're on Nano Banana 2. you are going to want to at least be on 2K quality. And then you need to think about what am I actually trying to create here with our keyboard. It was pretty obvious, right? In terms of our first frame and our last frame, we want the keyboard fully together. And then we want a deconstructed version. But you're not limited to just that. Like we saw here with the architectural design, we started from nothing. In fact, our starting image was just a white background. And this made sense, right? We're thinking architecture. We're thinking of building something from nothing. So, that sort of transition made sense here with these headphones, right? We don't have any movement, no deconstruction. Instead, it's an X-ray, right? Again, I thought that was kind of cool and I totally lifted that idea off of Apple. You can see what they do, right? They have some motion with their AirPods and then they do an X-ray as well. So, you have a ton of creative space with how you want the scrolling animation to actually transition. Now, let's talk about the prompt itself. And again, this prompt as well as all of the prompts, including the best practices for scrolling animation that we're going to give it to Claude Code, can all be found inside of my free school community. So, check the comments, go to the pin comment, you can find it there. That being said, the prompt itself isn't anything crazy. Claude Code came up with this prompt. Now, what we're looking for is some sort of like high-end product photography thing, right? Think of like a crisp image on a white background. in the background we choose is also very important because you might not be able to tell looking at this right the headphones right it just looks like this is all part of the background and that's what you want you want the image to look like it's floating but in reality around this these headphones is actually a square this is an image remember and the image only takes up some portion of the background this is a little more obvious if you look here this might be hard for you to see on camera but in fact there are edges here that we do kind of want to want to get rid of. So, what I'm saying is we need to make sure this background that we choose for our image matches the background of your website. So, if you have an all black website, you want your image, whatever you create to be on an all black website. Those two things need to match. And Claude Code can match them after the fact, but if you do a white background here and you have a black background on your website, it's just not going to work. So, make sure those two things are aligned. So, now let's jump to our headphone example for a second. You've now created your starting image, whatever it is. How do we create that ending image inside of Nano Banana 2 and have it actually make sense? Well, once you're satisfied with your starting image, right, the background matches your website, you're going to copy it or you're going to download it. You're then going to take that image you just downloaded and you're going to include it as a reference image for Nano Banana 2. And the second prompt for the second image should be pretty simple. In this case, I just wrote X-ray image of the headphones showing the component parts in great detail. Keep the all white background, no text. So often times, because you have this reference image for the ending frame of your scroll animation, the prompt itself can be relatively simple since the image itself does so much heavy lifting. And as you can see right here, I got four different outputs and ended up going with this one. So save this image and you now have your starting frame and ending frame that we're going to use for the video creation. And that's what we're going to do now. So, I'm going to head to video. And these days, I really like Cling 3.0. You can also use something like VO 3.1 as well. The biggest thing is when you click into these, you'll see this. We need a starting frame, right? And we need an end frame to actually do this correctly. So, I'll put in the start frame. I'll drop the end frame. And then I added the prompt, which you see right here. Again, the prompt doesn't have to be that complicated. If you get confused with the prompts, what I do a lot of the time is I'll drop those two images into something like Claude and just say like, "Hey, write me a prompt for this transition video." And so it's just continuous transition where the headphones outer shell gradually becomes transparent revealing the inner components, circuit circuit boards, drivers, and wiring underneath. Right? Nothing complicated, right? because we don't want some crazy twisting animation because in that case sometimes it can become sort of it loses its crispness and we want to keep the scrolling animation as smooth and buttery as possible. Also, you'll see down here if it ever asks you if you want to enhance the prompt, don't do that. We don't want to enhance it. And then we're just going to hit generate. And then you'll get a result that will look something like this. And now we're going to save this video. And now it's time to actually head into Cloud Code and build our website. So now we're inside of Cloud Code and there's a few things we have to do. First, I want you to dump in the MP4 file, the video you just downloaded, and mine is called scroll animation, and I'm doing the keyboard for this demo. Secondly, I want you to put in this scroll animation best practices markdown file because there's a lot of ways to do this sort of scroll animations, but this is the one I have found gives you the best bang for your buck in terms of performance, and it lays out exactly what it is you're supposed to do. Now, like I talked about, we're taking this video and we're turning it into a flip book, right? We're extracting all the frames. And the way we're going to do that is with FMMPEG. So, this is a free essentially tool that's going to extract the frames for us. So, if you don't have this downloaded on your computer, Cloud Code will prompt you to do it. And Cloud Code can do it itself via the actual command line. And once you do that, all that's left is for you to throw on plan mode. And now talk to Cloud Code. Tell it what it is you actually want to create. What did you create your scroll animation about? Right? What sort of product are you actually trying to show here? How do you want your website to look? Do you want it to use the front-end design tool? Do you have ideas of how you want your website to actually look? I'm going to put a link above that goes into more detail about how we can create front-end design with cloud code so it actually looks good. We're not going to dive into that super deep here. kind of focus on the scroll animation, but understand if you want to get away from the AI slop crap that you see over and over and over, well, it's really important that you find stuff out there that you like and then bring it into this window and give it context, whether that's screenshots or actual CSS and very quickly. There's tons of great places to find that sort of inspiration, whether it's something like godly. or Dribble or honestly even going to something like Perplexity or Cloud itself and saying like, "Hey, do you have any cool websites I should get inspiration from?" But we're going to keep it simple for this demo. I'm just going to tell it I'm creating a product landing page for my keyboard and I want to use the scrolling animation and that I also wanted to use the front-end design skill. And what you see here is the prompt I use. I literally just turned on my voice and sort of just brain dumped it saying, "Hey, I want a keyboard product landing page. I don't want it to look like AI slop. Uh, take a look at the MD file. take a look at the MP4 and I want to do the scroll animation. Also ask me any questions. So let's see what it comes back with. So to ask the text stack, we'll just go next.js Tailwind. I'm going to have it make up a fictional name for the keyboard product. And for the demo, we'll just keep it simple. So we'll do the hero, the scroll, and then the actual CTA. But if you want to add more stuff to your landing page, that's totally okay. And then for me, I have ffmpeg already installed. If you don't, again, Claude Code can install it for you. All right, so it's come up with its plan. It's going to be calling it void MK1. It does love the void name for some reason, but everything else looks like it makes sense. So, we're going to let it go to work and we'll come back and see what its first pass looks like with our scroll animation. Okay, so let's take a look at how it did on the scroll animation. So, as we scroll down, here we go. First of all, it's kind of big. I will say that. So, obviously, when we're doing the video generation, it's going to come out at 1080p. You have the option after you create the video to upscale it. But if you keep it at 1080p like we did, obviously if we have a huge screen like this, it doesn't look as crisp, so it might make more sense to shrink it down a little bit. Now, as I scroll, what am I noticing? It's actually taking me a lot of scrolls. This is probably like eight heavy scrolls to get all the way through this. So, I'll probably tell Claude Code like, "Hey, I wanted to scroll a little quicker." Second thing I notic is these cards. I kind of wish the cards would stay around a little longer as well as maybe just be a bit heavier and weightier or maybe have some sort of drop shadow because they're kind of thin. But overall, you know, pretty smooth animation and I don't have too much to complain about in terms of setting this up, right? Like as you can see, like it's pretty easy to do. Like that was kind of oneshot this. Like we could do a million different things in terms of what we actually scroll through. We can play with the cards and all that, but like you didn't really have to do anything crazy on your end or my end to put this together, right? So that's kind of cool. And those changes are easy too telling Claude Code, you know, hey, like make it scroll faster, make these cards hang around for a bit longer. And beyond that, right, this is a very, very minimalist web page we created. And there's a lot we could do to play around with it, but the actual creation of the scroll animation itself, I have no problems with. Right. The the base of this is here. And now we're just adding our own little flare and finishing touches. And the one thing I will say again, remember, notice how it looks like it's floating in the background. I don't see any images like any like squares really. If this was a black background or a dark website, right? Remember this video had a white background. It would really clash. So again, think of those things. But that doesn't mean you have to go only white, right? Like as you know, this was the middle section and we had the hero up here. like it's oftentimes the hero and the rest of the sections are broken up on a lot of websites, right? One part might be white, one might have a totally different color scheme. So, you can get kind of wild with the color if you want to, right? So, like I said, you have a lot of creative space here when it comes to playing around with what these scroll animations do for you. So, that's where I'm going to leave you guys today. Remember, all the content, including the MD files that you need, can be found inside of my free school community. We also have Chase AI Plus down there in the comments as well. If you're a bit more serious about AI, you're looking to actually make money with it, or if you want access to what we're dropping tomorrow, which is our exclusive Claude Code course, which essentially takes you from zero to AI dev and assumes you have no coding background. So, if that's something that interests you, definitely check it out. So, let me know what you thought about this in the comments. I think this is a cool little thing to add to really any AI website that you can create while again sort of differentiating you from the pack. So, as always, I'll see you guys

=== How to make ELITE AI Videos in 2026 ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlOm87GiShg

AI video is changing. The cinematography, the audio, >> you knew I would come. >> And you did. >> And the action, >> have all taken huge leaps forward. So, why do your AI image and video generations still look like they're stuck in 2024 with warped animations and plastic looking skin? Well, that's because you have no system and you have no framework that you apply to AI content creation. And because of that, it's essentially a giant lottery. You have no idea what sort of outcome you're going to get, even though these models have gotten very powerful. And until you're able to get some level of control and consistency with your AI generations, you're just going to be wasting your time and your money. But luckily for you, in this video, I'm going to be giving you my five-step framework for consistently creating highquality AI video and image generations. We're going to cover everything from ideiation and storyboarding all the way to editing and assembly, as well as touching on every single prompt you need along the way. So, if you're someone who is looking to get out of the AI generation casino, you're in the right place. So, step one is storyboarding. This is where we lay the foundation for every single thing moving forward. So, it's important we get this right. Now, what we're going to do is we're going to head to our AI of choice. I prefer Claude. You can use Chad GPT. It doesn't really matter. And we're going to give them this prompt template. And I'll tell you where to get this template in a minute. And by combining this prompt template with AI, we're going to get an output that includes five things. And those five things are a the concept. What is the overarching narrative we're trying to create? Two, the visual references and tones. For me, it was The Revenant meets the Northmen. Again, there's probably some film somewhere that you want to emulate, at least visually, and it's important we speak to that. Number three is the setting. And there could be multiple settings, but obviously it's important to tell AI where this is all taking place. Number four, we need to define the characters. Like, who are these main recurring people that are going to show up in every single scene? And lastly, the shot list or the scene breakdown. Right? We have this overarching narrative like we talked about before, but we need to divide that into not only individ individual scenes, but individual shots because these individual shots are what we are going to actually create as videos using AI. So, we're going to head to AI, give it this prompt, and it's going to ask us a few questions. And primarily what we're going to do is we're just going to describe in plain language what it is we're trying to create. This is going to be back and forth with AI, right? Chances are you don't know exactly what you want yet, but this template will help get you there. Now, as for where you can get all the prompts you see today, as well as a full written guide that covers everything we touch on in this video, you can find all that inside of my school community. There's a link to that down in the comments. Now, before we move on to step two, which is where we start creating our images, I want to talk a little bit about the visual reference and tone because I think this is so important and such an easy way to sort of supercharge what it is you end up creating. Because I think the hardest thing for the vast vast majority of us who do not come from a film background is, you know, figuring out a way to take this fuzzy idea of what we're trying to create in our mind and actually explain it to AI and articulate it. And the best way to do that often times is to just give it references like visual references to actual films we like. And instead of going to Google and like just trying to like find it there, a great resource is this place, Shot Deck. Now, this video isn't sponsored by Shot Deck in any way, shape, or form. You can sign up for free for two weeks, but it's essentially a giant repository that gives you like all this technical information about different shots from different films. And let me sort of give you an example. So, let's say I was searching for The Revenant. I just put the Revenant in there. And then right away, you can see I have all these different still images from the movie itself. And beyond that, if I click on any of these, obviously we get the full color palette here. But what's really cool is you see all of this information, specifically information relating to things like the shot type, the lens type, the lighting, the camera, right? These are all sorts of things that you would have no idea even exists, right? Like does the average person know what an RE Alexa 65 camera is? I don't even know if I even pronounce that right, you know? Yet, if we use language like that when we're creating things in Nano Banana Pro, for example, or just copy and paste this and give it to our AI of choice and storyboarding, it's going to be able to use that sort of cinematic language to create our AI generations both on the video and still image side. And that's huge, right? Instead of saying, "Oh, I want a, you know, nighttime cinematic scene with fire in the background." Instead, I just copy and paste this image and copy and paste all this stuff and say, "Hey, I want to use that exact type of camera, that type of lens. This is what I'm going for." Furthermore, hey, I like the scene in Revenant. If I scroll down, you can see other similar type scenes from other movies and really just get inspiration. So, now we move on to step two, which is creating our foundation image. Now, to do this, we're going to be relying on Nano Banana Pro. I use Nano Banana Pro inside of Higsfield, and that's what you see right here. Higfield is basically just a one-stop shop for any AI content creation tool you can think of. So, when we dive into the video generation, we will also be doing it inside the Higsfield ecosystem. I'll have a link to Higsfield down below, as well as a discount code. So, definitely check it out. I'm pretty sure they're running free trials as well as some discounts. So, if I just go to image and I head to Nano Banana Pro, this is where we're going to do our work. So the foundation image step is the most important step for having a consistent visual outcome both in terms of the setting and the style and also in terms of the characters because this is the step where we create our main characters and in every step moving forward. Anytime we create a new scene and a new key frame, we're going to use this reference image we create here to make sure the characters actually look the same. And so you can see here I went through a bunch of iterations trying to find the version of the main character I liked. And if you remember at the beginning, we had both a blonde female warrior and a blackhaired female warrior. And so for our blonde character, I decided using this image right here. Now, let's talk about this for a second. First of all, what type of image did we do? What type of shot did we take? This is like a medium shot, right? It's not a super close-in shot of her face. Also, it's not a full body shot because even though AI imagery has gotten really, really good, the further we zoom out, like by the time you're looking at a full body shot of the character, you start to lose some detail in the face. At the same time, I don't want my reference image to be a macro shot of her face, like super zoomed in, because again, I can't use that as a reference image moving forward when I do different scenes because it's not going to know what her general like body shape is, what what sort of clothing she has. So, this is like a great middle ground moving forward to use as a reference image. Secondly, let's talk about the prompt. And you can see all that over here on the right. Now, it's a little hard to read, so let's just copy this over. And here's the full prompt inside of a Google doc. Now, obviously, it's very detailed, but there's two things I want you to pay attention to. First thing is the camera and the lens and sort of this like technical cinematic detail we're putting into the prompt, right? I want that Alexa 65. I want that ultra vista lens. I want this shallow depth of field, right? Where did we get that stuff? Well, that's something we actually got earlier from shot deck, right? That's where I got that inspiration from. Secondly, at the end, we have a sentence that calls back to the Revenant, right? We want this to look like it was pulled from the Revenant. We even name a specific type of natural light cinematography. And you'll also notice some stuff related to realism, right? Visible pores, fine facial hair, hair hair, natural skin imperfections, ultra realistic, no retouching, no skin smoothing. All right, we want to move away from that plastic look. And to get that sort of prompt, I just feed this template into AI. And then I explain to AI, hey, here's the visual reference we have. Here's what I'm sort of looking at. Here's what I have as a vision for my character. And then you simply go into Nano Banana Pro with the prompt that AI gave you and you start generating. And by doing this, you're now going to be able to have consistent, highquality characters that match the visual aesthetic you're going for. So, every time we need to generate an image or generate a scene moving forward and it involves that character, well, I'm just going to take this image. I'm going to dump it into the prompt inside of Nano Banana Pro and I'll reference it. I'll say, "Hey, character one in image one." And I'll show you how to do that in a second. She does A, B, and C. Right? That's how you get character consistency. Now, we move on to step three, which is key frame generation. This is where we're now going to combine our foundation image that we just generated with the shot list with the scene list to create the starting frames for each and every scene. For example, we had the blondhaired warrior. For our very first scene, we wanted her sort of in the dark sitting by a campfire alone. And you can see that reflected in the shot list, right? What was shot one? The fire. We want to zoom into the flames. We have a general idea of what's going on. So what we need to do now is we need to take this shot and we want to turn it into a image prompt because the way AI video is going to work is to get the best outputs using AI video whether it's VO3 or cling 3.0 like I'm going to show you. We always want to start with a starting frame. We want to be able to say, "Hey, create the video of this woman by the fire. By the way, here's the exact frame you should start with." That's how you can actually control what the scene looks like. And so to get all the prompts for all the key frames for all your scenes, you're going to feed AI this prompt. And what it's going to do is it's going to go through your entire storyboard and it's going to generate those prompts for the starting frames. Furthermore, based on your scene, because it's going to be able to intelligently look at what you created in this shot list, there are some scenes where we might also need an end frame, right, to give us even more control. And the AI will actually flag that and give you an ending frame prompt if need be. Now this phase, the key frame generation is another spot where shot deck will do wonders for you in terms of like finding cinematic outputs because again look at this image. This looks pretty solid I think at least. Right? We kind of have this blue hour going on, right? We have a bunch of like cool like colors bouncing off one another. The angle is low. Like this is a pretty good scene I think. But how did we do this? It's more than just the prompt because you can see the prompt over here on the right. Like it has all the stuff you would expect right on the camera it was shot on. We tell it like, hey, we want a ground level cinematic shot. But what you'll notice is two things. One, we have our foundation image, right? Remember this one we created last step. But we also have this reference image for the AI to go off of. Now, what is this reference image? Where did I get this? Well, I got it from shot deck. And remember, I was trying to create something that was sort of imitating in many ways the Revenant. So, what did I do? I went in to shot deck and I searched up campfire scene or fire lighting scene and I found this one. I then simply copied this image and used it as a reference image in the prompt. Again, you probably aren't a film student. You're not a director. You're not a cinematographer. So, why are we trying to reinvent the wheel and being surprised when our outputs suck? Why don't we instead rely on the people that actually know what they're doing and get inspiration from them? Right? We're not copying the scene exactly, but we're certainly drawing from it, right? It's certainly an homage in certain ways. That's totally okay to do. And so, you're going to repeat this process for each and every scene in your storyboard. AI will generate the prompt for you. You will bring that prompt and the appropriate reference image to Nano Banana Pro. You will insert the prompt and the reference image in there. And if you want, just like I showed you, you will bring additional reference images in there from things like ShotDeck. You can also take these things from shot deck and also give it to AI and be like, hey, like incorporate this into the prompt somehow, right? There's a lot of creative space here. And the end goal for this step, step three, key frame generation, is to have a key frame, have a starting image for each and every scene you set out to create. So now we're on step four, which is video generation. And if you've done everything right up until this point, this is actually one of the easier steps because we've already laid the foundation. We've already laid the groundwork for what we want to build. So, we're going to head to video. And for today, we're going to be using Cling 3.0. Ultimately, you just need to pick a video model that allows you to do first frame, last frames, which all the modern ones do these days. Now, let's talk about the prompting basics. First of all, again, we should be leaning on AI to generate our prompts for us. As for the template, this is the template I use for my video generation. Also, I have a second template that goes into how to create multi-cene, multi-shot video generation. We'll talk about that in a second. The idea is you're simply going to bring AI this template. You're going to include the reference image for that scene and then it's going to create the prompt for you. That being said, prompting video is actually a lot easier than the image prompts. And in many cases, the prompts are very, very simple. Think about it. When we're creating an image, we're doing it from scratch. Even if we have reference images, we want to include the camera, the lens, the setting, the tone, all these things. Yet, when we create an image like this one, or video like this one, I should say. All that's pretty much done for us because, as you can see here, I've included a starting frame. By including a starting frame, the video already knows what the character is going to be, what the aesthetic should feel like, what the tone should be, what the camera angle is, what the lens is, right? So much is already baked into the video itself by nature of putting a starting frame. Secondly, if we take it a step further, like in this video, I also added an ending frame. Sur knows where it's beginning and where it's ending. Alls I need to do is tell it in relatively simple terms what I want to happen in between. Like look at this prompt. Static camera. Woman sitting by the fire. She looks up as a new character slowly walks into the frame and plants their sword. Of note, we'll talk about this in a little bit. Always have an hands off. You don't want AI to touch your prompts. But that prompt, that relatively simple prompt, because our starting frame and end frame are on point, we get something like this. Right? And for our video, that's enough. Remember, you can make these videos 5 seconds, 10 seconds, 15 seconds, but what's going to happen, and we'll talk about this in the editing phase, you're probably going to use two to three seconds of any scene you create, right? And just due to the nature of AI video generation, sometimes it'll be wonky in certain places. So remember, when I'm watching something like this, what I'm looking for is like, all right, is there like 2 to 3 seconds here that fits what I'm trying to create? If so, that's a win. Move on to the next scene. Now, that scene, like most of the scenes you will produce as well, was relatively simple. But what happens when we need to up the ante a little bit and we need to create something more dynamic, like we want some action going on. Well, that can be kind of tricky. For example, take a look at this scene I'm about to show you. Now, the intent of this video was to have a fight scene between our two main characters, and let's see how that actually turned out. So obviously that was kind of a mess. Yet you will notice we did take some stuff out of this and put it into the video you saw at the beginning. So like this sequence from about 3 seconds to 5 seconds right here, we were actually able to use that. But the rest of this, right, like who is this person who shows up on the scene? Like that that's not our blackhaired main character part two, was it? And the rest of this, like on one hand, it is impressive how it is able to do the physics here, but the characters are just kind of all wrong, right? And it makes it kind of wonky. Again, you couldn't even do scenes like this at all with any characters a few months ago, but it's lacking that control. Although honestly, I still wouldn't say that was a failure, right? I was able to grab a two, three second scene out of there that I did end up using. But let's talk about the control side of this. So, let's zoom in on the left and sort of break down how this works. So, again, we're inside of Clink 3.0. Clink 3.0 gives us the option to do multi-shot. What's multi-shot? That means it's not one continuous shot. Instead, we can get those sort of like quick cuts all within one scene. And the one you just saw had, in fact, several shots, five in fact. Right? So, it had a it was a 15-second video broken up into five 3-se secondond chunks and each chunk had its own prompt, right? We gave it the exact type of shot we wanted. We gave it the action. We gave it the general tone. Now, we also included in this elements. So, what Cling 3.0 will tell you is that you can start with the starting frame like we did here, but ISO can also include elements. Think of them as almost reference images for characters and people that will show up midcene. So, if I hit elements here, you'll see we have a bunch of different ones, including, you know, our warrior A over here. So, if I click on this, you will see I added different images of her to this element. The idea being like, all right, so you're going to want to reference this warrior multiple times in this multi-shot scene. Well, you can dump a bunch of different angles and images of that character that Clling will then reference later, right? The idea is you're sort of trading it on this character. The problem is what you just saw, right? If you try to do complicated multi-shot scenes that have a lot of dynamic action and you're trying to reference multiple characters, you're going to run into trouble. Now, you will inevitably see demos, videos of cleaning 3.0 doing multi-shot really well with a lot of dynamic action. The truth is though, when people do that, very rarely are they using an actual starting frame or are they referencing a bunch of characters via elements in that scene. Instead, they don't use any references. They just use plain text for all of it. And so, it creates a random warrior A, a random warrior B, and a random setting. And it flows real well. But that's because you've kind of given up all control to cling. So, what does all of that mean for you? Well, it means if you are trying to create dynamic action scenes that probably have a lot of cuts and involve multiple characters that have to stay consistent, I suggest staying away from doing this complicated multi-shot sequencing. Instead, I highly suggest with the way the AI models are set up right now, you instead break up all those individual scenes, even if they're quick one two second cuts, into individual generations. It's just going to work better. You're going to have more control, and you're going to get a more consistent output. Because if you expect AI video models, no matter how good they are, to take what you give it and actually stay consistent, you're going to have a tough time. So, I think that's where a lot of people get tripped up and where a lot of like the consternation comes because they see demos where it's not the same environment as you're as you're going to be working in, right, with a reference images and a reference character. You see him do these great multi-shots, then you try it and it just doesn't work. That's why. So, for example, right, if I wanted to start a fight scene where warrior B is charging at warrior A, right? the girl with the black hair is charging at the blonde. I'm not going to do a multi-shot sequence with that. I'll just do one scene like this, right, where she's charging at her. And again, I just need like one or two seconds of that and then I'll flow into the next scene and the next scene. Now, does it add a little more work on your end in terms of like creating the key frames for each and every one of those? Yes. But that is the price you pay for control and consistency and ultimately quality, right? We don't just want to pray to the AI video gods that our generation comes out looking good. So that's how we do it. So that's my diet tribe on these multi-shot highly complex dynamic scenes. Break it down to individual scenes. Try to keep each prompt as simple as possible. AI will do a better job. We can always stitch them to make it look like a multi-shot in post-production. And so that brings us to step five, which is the editing phase. Now, I've kind of hit on the biggest part of this already, and that's the idea that every scene you create, you don't need to use the whole thing. And in fact, you will usually use only the first couple seconds. So, what you see right here is I'm inside of Cap Cut. And down here at the bottom is that initial scene you already saw in this video. Here's the scene, the very first one of her at the campfire. And you will notice this is like a whole 1 second, right? And I'm not doing any fancy editing here. I've literally just all the editing has already been done by the video itself. I'm just chopping it up so it makes more sense in terms of narrative piece. Now, this is not a full-blown video editing course. There are people infinitely more qualified to teach you how to do that than I am. That the whole idea of just using small parts of the clip is the biggest thing I can tell you. The second thing is in terms of audio. Now, obviously, since this was a YouTube video, I had my own voice in the background. If you really wanted to step your game up, you would have some sort of audio track, have sort of the scene switch to the specific beat. And you'd also look at using more specific sound effects, right? If there's a specific sound effect I wanted that I just couldn't recreate inside of Cling 3.0 for example, go to somewhere like 11 Labs, go to somewhere, I believe like Gemini is now starting to do this thing too where it can create the music and the sound effects via prompting thing. So again, very very basic overview of the editing cuz that's not my forte. But just the biggest thing you need to think about is like which part of the scene do I actually want to keep? So that's my five-step framework for creating cinematic AI video every single time. It gives you control. It gives you consistency because so much of the work is done on the front end where we define the narrative, we define the visual style. And by generating these foundation frames and these key frames for each and every scene, we make sure what's going to be generated actually fits our vision. So I hope you were able to take something out of this video. All the prompts as well as a full written guide can be found inside of the Chase AI community. There's a link to that down below.

=== AI Influencers are Lying to You. ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHtyjjDnTfM

You are being lied to. OpenClaw is the fastest growing open source project of all time, causing a legion of AI influencers to talk about how its use cases are literally life-changing and how it is the greatest AI tool of all time. However, in reality, OpenCall is the most overhyped AI tool of all time. Now, don't confuse overhyped with useless. OpenC Claw is definitely not useless, but its primary value ad is the convenience factor of acting as a unified interface to actually execute a bunch of tasks with AI from one place, but that's not what anybody talks about. Nobody talks about the real value out of OpenClaw. Instead, the discussion and all the hype centers around its use cases, as if what OpenClaw does is novel or particularly efficient or effective in a way that you can't do these things with any other tool out there. And that is simply not true. And in fact, these discussions couldn't be further from reality because what OpenClaw does, its actual use cases are not novel. They are not particularly efficient and they definitely aren't effective. For the vast, vast majority of use cases for OpenClaw, it is not the best tool for the job. Again, what does OpenCloud really buy us? It's the convenience factor. It's the unified interface, but that comes at an actual literal cost and overhead that nobody talks about. Instead, all this hype glosses over its efficiencies, and you're instead presented with a bunch of surface level use cases that fall apart at the smallest level of scrutiny, especially if you're someone who's actually used OpenClaw for any length of time. There is zero nuance in the public OpenClaw discussion. And this is to the detriment of you, the average user, who's just trying to figure out what they're supposed to do in this wild AI landscape. and you're being presented a bill of goods that present Open Claw as the easiest, most effective path forward when the truth is it's the exact opposite. So, this video is going to come across like a hit piece on Open Claw and a hit piece on some of the videos I feature. That is not my intent. My intent is to just inject the smallest bit of nuance in a conversation that lacks it completely. And along the way, I want to show you what OpenC call actually does. I want to break down some of these again surface level use cases that are being presented to you. And ultimately I just want to give you the tools you need to make an informed decision about whether you want to spend your time learning OpenCloud or not because it is a great tool but it's not great for the reasons you're being told. So you already know how OpenClot works right? It operates with a gateway system. You talk to it through some sort of messaging service like Telegram, Slack or WhatsApp. It operates 24/7 and can live in a number of places, right? It can be on a VPS, right, in the cloud. It can be on a Mac Mini. It can be even on your local computer. And it is an AI with hands, right? That's how it's advertised. I just talk to it and it does things. Go fetch my email. It goes and grabs it. Give me a report about what's going on in the world today. It does that, right? All of that is true. The problem is with the use cases and discussion around them and what Open Cloud can do because all we care about is what it can do, right? I don't really care about the infrastructure. I want to know if it can make an actual impactful change on how I run my life or my business. And for an example, we're going to break down this video by Alex Finn titled the six Open Claw Use cases that he promises will change your life. Now, caveat, this is not meant to be an Alex Finn hit piece. I really like Alex's work. I've been subscribed to his channel for a very long time. He's extremely knowledgeable. However, I would consider him one of the leading voices who is a proponent for openclaw in this space. and his videos are essentially a microcosm for I think everything sort of wrong about this open claw discussion. I could have swapped out this video by Alex with a million other videos, right? This isn't an Alex Finn problem at all. This is the ecosystems problem and what you see here is everywhere else. And also, my problem isn't with the title. We all know these use cases aren't going to be life-changing. That's just clickbait. That's just part of the game. Who am I to throw stones for my glass house? However, even with the clickbait in mind, we are expecting six use cases that will have a real impact. Now, as I put these six use cases up, three things are going to happen. First, you're going to read all six and be like, "Oh, actually, that is pretty useful. That seems pretty impactful." The second thing that will happen is I'm going to ask you to actually take some time and think about, all right, if this use case really was impactful and you use this every day, what would that really look like? Right? And as you sit there and think about, okay, if I really did this, what would I need? you realize there's a certain level of sophistication required for any of these use cases to actually become impactful or insane or life-changing. And that leads you on to point three, which is realizing to reach that level of sophistication and effectiveness, you would not use openclaw for that. It's not the best tool of the job and it makes no sense. So keep that in mind. And here's all six use cases presented. So here's the six use cases presented in this video and you see these same variations in almost every single video talking about how to use OpenClaw and what it can do for you. So let's go through these one by one and talk about why I think a lot of them are really just productivity theater. So the first use case is that of a second brain and the idea that OpenClaw is going to remember everything you tell it. And I think the exact verbiage used in the video is something to the effect of this is the most powerful second brain system in the world. And like obviously that is just not true. If you used openclaw for again any amount of time, you understand very quickly that the openclaw memory system leaves something to be desired. And that's because the memory with openclaw is for the most part nothing but a series of markdown files on a disk. And again when we talk about second brain, if this even was an impactful thing, and I won't argue that it is or isn't, would openclaw be the best tool for the job? Why would we not use a tool like Obsidian that is free, has 1,800 plugins, has been in development for years to do the same thing and do it better. Next, we have use case number two, which is the morning brief. Now, I don't know what it is with these OpenClaw influencers and their absolute obsession with morning briefs as if this is some sort of holy grail of AI use cases, but I will concede in this instance. I will say, okay, hey, this is a great use case. Let's apply some scrutiny to it. What would a morning brief need for you to actually get some value out of it? All right, once you realize that it actually requires quite a bit, right, how much sophistication is going to go into that implementation, right? How many websites do we need to scrape? What sort of API calls are we going to need? How are we actually going to package this up into a deliverable we like? And again, you realize very quickly, is Open Call the best tool for this job? Why wouldn't we do this inside of Cloud Code? Why wouldn't we do this inside of NAND? Why would we run some sort of scheduler thing like this from OpenClaw, let alone build it inside of OpenClaw? What what value do we get by building it from OpenClaw? The answer is none. And the answer is even if you did that, you're incurring all the overhead that comes with using OpenClaw. And this is a pattern that repeats itself over and over and over again. Look at use case number three, a content factory. So, we're going to do three sub aents, right? We're going to spin up three instances. One's going to do research, one's going to do the script, and one's going to do the thumbnail. This doesn't work on the surface. First of all, as someone who creates their own thumbnails, it is a very iterative process. Good luck telling AI exactly what to do to actually get a thumbnail that you like with any level of quality. And if you go that route, you're going to be doing it again and again and again and again and incurring costs every step of the way. Secondly, in terms of research, we kind of already covered that with the previous one with the brief. All right, sounds great. We're just going to research stuff. Well, how are you actually going to do it? Because take a look at this. This is how I do some of my research and this is an early iteration of it inside of Naden. There is again a level of sophistication to almost any use case that has impact. Do you want to build this with open claw? You can try. Maybe you'll get there. But again, is it the most effective way to do it? Is it the most efficient way to do it? Is it novel? No. No. And no. All these use cases almost to a number and it isn't just this video are like interesting things on the surface, but we're just shoehorning OpenClaw in there, right? There's no world where you would actually do this if you were trying to be smart about it. Same exact comment for use case number four. And then we come into use case number five, talking about the autonomous stuff. And we'll talk more about this when we get to the cost thing. But again, the big thing you hear about Open CL like, "Oh, it's autonomous. Oh, it has the heartbeat system. You ready to pay for all that? It's not cheap to spin it up every 30 minutes to do something because every time you spin it up, you're spinning up everything. Most people run OpenClaw in a continuous session. They just let their context stack on top of themselves over and over and over again till they get to autocompact, right? So that's actually costing you quite a bit of money when you're constantly having it spin up to execute scheduled tasks again. Is that the best way to do these things? The answer is no. And then use case number six, just get rid of all your apps, guys. Open Claw can do everything. Like, are we being real here? Like, is this a realistic use case? So, what are you telling me? Are you telling me OpenClaw is going to what? I'm going to have it on my Mac. I'll put it on a Mac Mini and it's going to execute clawed code for me to build apps from scratch. Is that does that really seem like the right way to do things? Does having the blind lead the blind just so we can say we're using OpenClaw seem efficient or effective? I don't know. I'm not some sort of like 100x Xfang coder yet. When I have built things, the way it works for me, maybe I'm totally wrong, is I have some idea of what I want to build. I have a northstar. I even have it broken down in pretty specific tasks, but it's a fairly iterative process. I don't exactly know what I want the endgame to look like every single time. The idea that OpenClaw will instead take my place and do that and then I'll get a get something at the end that actually works kind of doesn't make sense to me. Not to mention the cost, which no one ever mentions. that'd be extremely expensive and frankly I don't think the end goal is worth it. And so what I'm trying to point out with these six use cases is again not a hit on that specific video. This is repeated in almost every single open claw video that talks about use cases in some absurd manner. Again apply any level of scrutiny to it. Ask yourself what would this really look like if I did use it and you realize why would I use openclaw for this? Right? Unless you index very very heavily and you really place huge weight on the convenience factor of just I just want to talk to something through telegram and the idea that everything is working for one place unless that's you and that's your number one priority. I I fail to see what use cases of open claw match the hype but please tell me if I'm wrong. Now let's talk about the other thing that is constantly glossed over and that is the insane costs surrounding OpenClaw and the token tax. Now this is largely an issue due to the nature of OpenClaw itself right it runs in a continuous session and that is how the vast vast majority of people use it. I know someone's already going to comment and say hey but you can just start a new session. I understand that and we'll actually talk about that in a second but most people just run open claw continuously until it hits autocompact. Now why is that? Well, it's because they like having something that can remember the entirety of the conversation they're having, right? One of the big cells for OpenClaw is the memory. And the easiest way to have persistent memory in a single conversation is just keep the conversation running. However, that comes at a cost, especially when we start having it do tasks or schedule tasks or these cron jobs or the heartbeat because every time it does one of those things, it's using the entirety of the context window that comes before it. Right? This isn't like some sort of any automation that I have run every hour and operates in a vacuum, right? It checks my email, brings it back, right? If I ask OpenClaw to do that and we're in the middle of a 200,000 context window conversation, it's bringing all that context with it. Now, that's not just an OpenClaw thing. I mean, that's just how LLMs work in general with context windows. Yet again, it's just never discussed, right? And the cost is completely glossed over. Now, there are ways to avoid a lot of these cost issues inside of OpenCloud by using best practices, right? By setting up isolated sessions for certain tasks or by using different models for different tasks, right? We don't need Opus 4.6 for everything. I could use local models for certain things. I could be more proactive about how I clear sessions, but this is not ever talked about. And these are things that do require a certain level of technical knowhow. And we get into this interesting place where the people who can use OpenClaw the best, the most technical, are the ones who need OpenClaw the least and can very quickly understand that what OpenClaw does is really not that effective for the vast vast majority of use cases. Unless they're just doing it to do it for the sake of OpenClaw itself. Yet all the discussions, all the videos, all the hype is not targeted to this technical group. It's instead targeted to the complete opposite end of the spectrum. And it's that group, the least technical, that's going to get burned. And they are going to get burned because these pitfalls are never talked about. No nuance is ever brought to the conversation. And all of these issues are glossed over in the name of driving views. So what should you do now? Should you throw your hands up in the air and just stop using OpenClaw entirely? I don't think so. I think OpenClaw is a great tool. I think it's an ingenious design. I think it's setting the stage for how we're going to interact with AI agents moving forward. I just believe this conversation needs to be honest about what the pros and cons are of OpenClaw. And I think we've completely lost sight of the reality on the ground. And I think if we aren't honest about what it is good and not good at and what the trade-offs really are, we're doing a disservice to your average viewer who's just trying to figure out how to use AI in their day-to-day in a way that is effective and efficient. And if you keep hyping this up in the manner that you are, you're going to have a lot of people who are disillusioned, not with just the influencers who are talking about this stuff, but with OpenClaw and AI in general, right? Especially if they somehow get suckered into like spending hundreds of dollars on hardware like a Mac Mini. I just don't think it's a great practice. So hopefully this is able to add some level of nuance again to this discussion and hopefully lets you just kind of have your eyes kind of open to the reality of OpenClaw. It's a great tool. It's not perfect. It's overhyped. It's not useless. It has pros. It has cons. You just need to be aware about them going in. So, as always, let me know what you thought, and I'll see you guys

=== Did Gemini 3.1 Just Leapfrog Opus and OpenAI? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR_QToAl7Ro

So, Google finally gave Gemini users something to be happy about today with the release of 3.1 Pro. This is a very powerful model with extremely strong benchmarks that have it performing better than Opus 4.6 in several categories while being cheaper. So, in this video, we're going to dive into the model, see some examples of it in action, so you can have an idea if it actually makes sense for you moving forward. So, let's first look at the prices so we can actually contextualize these benchmarks when we get to them. So, we have Gemini 3.1 Pro, Opus 4.6, and GPT 5.2. Now, Gemini has a very large context window up to a million tokens. So, they also show us when the input and outputs are over 200,000, but we'll focus on the sub200,000 because that's where most of us live. So, in terms of input, it's significantly cheaper than Opus, $2 to $5, and it's slightly above GPT 5.2. As for the output, again, way cheaper than Opus. Opus is so expensive. So Gemini is 12 bucks and Opus 4.5 is 25 and also 3.1 Pro is cheaper than GPT 5.2 when it comes to output. So overall there's an argument to be made that Gemini 3.1 Pro is the cheapest of the bunch. So here's a look at the benchmarks comparing Gemini 3.1 with all the other Frontier models. Now, there's a ton of benchmarks, and we'll focus on the ones that I think actually matter because big picture 3.1 by the numbers has an argument for the strongest coding model out there right now. So, the big tests we want to pay attention to are terminal bench, bench verified, bench pro, browser comp, and then the needle test. And I'll talk about what each of these tests are. The first test is terminal bench 2.0. This is a test of coding abilities just sitting inside of the terminal. They're usually multi-turn, rather complicated things. And you'll see that Gemini 3.1 here scored a 68.5, which is the best of the bunch outside of Codeex's self-reported numbers. So, when they tested Code Codeex, it scored a 64.7. However, the best self-reported one was 77.3, which is interesting that there is such a gap here. But by the numbers on this test, not the self-reported numbers, Gemini 3.1 Pro was a 68.5. Although there is something to be said about the fact that they call out their self-reported numbers when I guess you could argue this is a self-reported benchmark test, but still very impressive considering the price. Next, we have the Sweet Bench Verified and the Bench Pro. These tests are where they give the AI system an actual problem on GitHub. They haven't seen the repo before. It's been human verified. And so they give them a quote unquote real life problem and see if they can solve it. And this isn't a one-shot attempt. So we see Gemini 3.1 scores an 80.6. It does fall behind Opus 4.6 with an 80.8. We don't have codec numbers. And then GPT 5.2 is 80. So it isn't blowing anyone out of the water here. It's pretty much par for the course, but it is a small upgrade over where it was before, right? We're at 76.2. Next, we have the Bench Pro, which is the same thing as before, just a more difficult test. So, 54.2. Here we have no numbers for Opus since Enthropic doesn't run this test, and Codeex does beat it out by a little bit at 56.8. Now, the other two tests I wanted to talk about were browser comp and then MRCR. Now, these really are all about how they deal with very large context problems. And I think this is an important one for Gemini in particular because they boast, you know, this huge context window of a million tokens. And so it's like, well, can you actually use this to any real effect? And so browser comp is they essentially give it hundreds of different documents and articles and they ask it to answer questions that would require it to go through essentially a large batch of those articles and come up with an answer, you know, taking all that context in. Next, we have the needle test. So the needle in the haststack test is where I give AI a very large document and somewhere buried in there is some random phrase like my favorite color is yellow. I then ask the AI, hey, what's my favorite color? and it comes back with, yeah, it's yellow. The eight needle test is that on steroids. So, it tested it in two instances. One with a 128k context question and the other with a 1 million context question. And you'll notice right away 1 million, the larger context, it struggled 26.3, but you will notice none of the other models could even attempt that. When it did the 128, it scored an 84.9, which it actually tied with Opus 4.6 here. and it did beat out GPT 5.2 and Codex couldn't even attempt it. So overall, when we look at this sort of big picture, Gemini 3.1 is a solid step above where Gemini 3 Pro was, and this is competing with the big boys at a very nice price point. Now, as for examples of this thing in action, well, Gemini loves showing off SVGs. So, you do see Gemini 3 Pro on the left and 3.1 Pro on the right, and you do see this is definitely a step above. They also showed off a demo of having Gemini 3.1 Pro create a 3D ISS orbital tracker and it actually looked pretty sick. But again, take all these demos with a grain of salt. And then there was this guy on Reddit who had it create an entire space exploration game for him. And again, this was done inside the canvas, which is pretty sick. Again, I mean, like imagine doing this in any of the AI models just, you know, 6 months ago. Now, as for where you can use 3.1 Pro, it is available now inside of the Google AI Studio, but you have to use the API and you also will see it inside of Google Anti-gravity. It's also available if you're just someone who uses the web app inside the Gemini app and Notebook LM. So, overall, I think this was a very solid update from Gemini 3.1. It puts them on even standing I think with the other two major players in the market that being Anthropic and Open AI. Although you do kind of wish they were in some manner able to leapfrog the competition because if you think back to when Gemini 3 first came out like that was wild. like it really did feel like it was a step above versus this update where it's like okay you were behind now you're just kind of even and there's arguments to be made being even at a lower price point is still better but I don't think anybody who is solidly in the codeex camp or solidly in the clawed code camp is all of a sudden going to switch to Gemini because of this so I think this is a boon for Gemini users but I don't think this is really changing the marketplace or sort of the standings fundamentally that being said I'm excited to still try it out the more good models there are out on the market, the better it is for us, the consumer. So, let me know in the comments what you think. As always, down below in the pin comments, I have resources to my school communities. The free one has tons of free AI resources, especially if you're trying to learn things like Claude Code or NAD and the paid, the Chase AI plus communities if you're a little more serious about this stuff and are trying to figure out, hey, how can I actually make money with AI? So, let me know what you thought.

=== Claude Sonnet 4.6 Is Here (and Better Than Opus?) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQ7nk9KgvrY

So, Anthropic just released Sonnet 4.6 today, and the benchmarks are really good. So good, in fact, it's actually beating out Opus 4.6 in some areas while coming in at a 40% cheaper price point. But, do we really care about those particular benchmarks? And more importantly, where should you be deploying Sonnet 4.6 moving forward? We're going to talk about all that more in this video. So, the first Sonnet 4.6 feature I want to talk about is their new context window length. It is now 1 million tokens. Now, some people might jump at this and say, "Awesome. That's great." But if you've been watching my channel at all, you know about the idea of context rot. That's the idea that as we fill up the context window, and really once we hit about 100,000 150,000 tokens, the effectiveness of our model tends to drop significantly, which calls into question how useful is a giant context window. So, Enthropic speaks to this a little bit. So they say, "Hey, the new context window, it's big enough to hold entire code bases, but more importantly, it can reason effectively across all that context." The implication there being, oh no, it's huge, but you know, you won't deal with context rot right away. And what they use as proof is this vending bench arena evaluation, and we'll go into benchmarks in a second. Basically, they have it run a simulated business over time, and they say, "Hey, cuz it did so good, this means the context window rot issue isn't as much of a problem anymore." H I would take that with a grain of salt. So, I think getting bigger context windows is good, but it doesn't necessarily mean it's as good as you would think. So, we'll hold off till I see more evidence that this isn't a problem. So, now let's take a look at the benchmarks. And we have all the Frontier models on here. We have Sonnet 4.6 over here on the left. Now, compared to Sonnet 4.5, Sonnet 4.6 is frankly a huge leap board. It crushes it on virtually every single test. And when we compare Sonnet 4.6 to Opus 4.6, remember Opus 4.6 6 is a much larger, more expensive model. It actually wins in some cases. And the two I'd like to call out because it's two places where Sonnet 4.6 beats everybody is a gentic financial analysis and office tasks. Now, office tasks in computer use in general is really what Anthropic is pushing with Sonnet 4.6. And you see here in this clip they released, that's all they're demoing. So, a lot of this has to do with Claude Co-work. And what they're constantly pushing is that, hey, Sonet 4.6 is really really good at a using your computer, b being able to browse the web, and c being able to execute again these office tasks. Think of things like Excel or email or things of that nature. More practical use cases for I would say your average everyday AI user, not necessarily some hardcore coders. Now, speaking of coding and more technical tasks, Sonet 4.6 still holds its own. So, when we look at agentic terminal coding and agentic coding, 4.6 6 by the numbers is basically as good as Opus 4.5 while again being 40% cheaper. And we compare it to the other Frontier models like Gemini 3 Pro and 5.2. Again, it is doing pretty good. So, here's another chart I found on Twitter that shows a Sonnet 4.6 versus Opus 4.6. Head-to-head, same benchmarks you just saw, just easier to see. And I think this one is important because now the question becomes, when should I use Sonnet versus Opus? Because unless you're on the max plane at 200 bucks a month where you can just kind of spam Opus and not worry about it, for those of you who are a little more token conscious and costconscious, now there's a real decision to be made because there are instances where Sonnet is just going to do just fine. And so we can see over here on the right where is Opus the strongest, agentic search, novel problem solving and terminal coding and sonnet leads in scale tool use, financial analysis and office task. So I think looking at this you start to get a clear picture of like all right when should I still be using Opus and I think that's when you're dealing with more complex problems if you're dealing with more novel coding issues but if you're doing more everyday mundane things that you know is not going to require the full throughput of everything anthropic has to offer well then maybe we should be using sonnet because it's just so dang cheap especially again if you're rather costconscious and the cost thing cannot be dismissed out of hand because historically anthropic API cost have been rather expensive. So over here on the model pricing page, there's nothing special about the Opus 4.6 and Sonet 4.6 pricing, they pretty much follow the same form those two models have been using for quite a while now. And Enthropic echoes that sentiment at the end of their article where they say, "We find Opus 4.6 remains the strongest option for task that demand the deepest reasoning such as codebase refactoring, coordinating multiple agents in a workflow, and problems where getting it just right is paramount." So Opus 4.6 6 is the nuclear bomb option and we've kind of had to use the nuke for everything for the last few weeks just because of the disparity between Opus 4.6 and Sonnet 4.5, but now we finally have a scalpel which I think is awesome news. And of note, Sonnet 4.6 is now the default option when you're using the Claude web app. So definitely check it out. I think they're really pushing the Claude co-work side of this with Sonnet 4.6 because again, I think if you are pretty deep in the AI stuff, you don't even realize how much of a bubble you're in. Like if you're using a clawed max p plan and paying $100, $200 a month for essentially unlimited opus usage, like you are not like you kind of are the target consumer, but at the same time you're such a small percentage of the market. So I don't think it's a surprise that they're really moving into this co-work office usage space, right? It's almost like enterprise light and Anthropic, if you've been paying attention, is really deep in the enterprise space, especially when you consider their size versus something like OpenAI. So, really cool update. Glad it's here. Let me know in the comments what you thought.

=== n8n Is Not Enough Anymore ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t8Fs6cndB8

I've built hundreds of NAND workflows and I've taught thousands of people how to use it and for the first time I'm telling people to stop mostly and that's not because NAND is bad. It's definitely not. But something has changed over the last 6 months which has altered the calculus about when you should and should not use NADN to solve your problems. And if you're building AI systems for yourself or for a client, it is imperative that you understand where that line is because it's not in the same place it used to be. Up until about six months ago, if you wanted to create a complex AI automation or agent, the answer was pretty clear as for what tool you should use, especially if you were non-technical, and that was NADN because the alternatives at the time was either writing real code or using the earlier versions of these agent coding agents like claude code or cursor. And now those agentic coding agents were very strong. But the truth was to get the most out of them you did need to understand how to write code. You had to get your hands dirty very often. But now that's completely changed because tools like claw code, codeex, and anti-gravity have gotten so good and so userfriendly that you don't need to know how to code to get the most out of these. And if you are using those particular tools, the ceiling for what you can do with them has actually passed NADN. And because of that dynamic, NAND's limitations have become a lot harder to ignore. So in this video, we're going to dive deep into those limitations. So you can come out of here with a better sense of when NAND makes sense and when it doesn't because this is not by any means an NAN hit piece. Naden is simply a tool, but we need to be educated about when Naden is the best tool for the job and when we should start using coding agents like cloud code. So let's kick this off by talking about the three primary areas that NAD struggles when we compare it to agentic coding agents like cloud code. And remember it's not just cloud code. You could insert anti-gravity, codeex, open code, any of those, right? But I'll continue to reference cloud code throughout this video. Now those three areas where naden struggles are scalability, speed to deployment on complex projects, and commercial licensing. Now let's start with scaling. And there's two parts to scaling. First part is scaling of the project itself. So imagine I have some sort of project that's inside of NAND and it's now 50 or 60 nodes. Might sound extreme, but there are use cases where we need this. And the issue with NAN is once we get to those wild levels of code nodes and just nodes in general, it starts to become rather brittle. And as it becomes more brittle and larger in general, chances are we're also tossing in a lot more code nodes in our workflow itself, which then begs the question, why are we even in NN in the first place? But as you take your workflow and add more deeply nested logic, more loops, more error handling, you begin to see some of the issues with the NN infrastructure because the equivalent of those 50 60 node solutions inside of NAND could very easily just be a few hundred lines of code inside of something like cloud code which is much easier to test and scale. Which brings us to the second point of scaling and that's throughput and thinking of how many users might be using this thing all at once. If we're trying to run hundreds of things in parallel, deal with thousands of API calls every hour and deal with very large data sets, chances are again NAN is going to struggle here. And the solutions for those scenarios inside of NAND eventually lead you towards some hacky type things, right? Where you're kind of going outside of the box with NN to make it work. And when you get to the place where you're trying to do hacky solutions to actually solve your problem with any again you need to ask yourself why am I doing this and not using a tool like cloud code and using real code to solve the problem in the manner is meant to be solved because when you're handling these large complex projects inevitably you begin to hit bottlenecks inside of naden and there's easy solutions inside of a normal coding ecosystem to solve that. Now, the second issue with NAND is its speed to deployment when it comes to complex projects. Now, this might surprise some of you because speed to deployment is kind of NAND's thing, but it's really only Naden's thing when it's with simple or medium difficulty projects. When we're dealing with complex issues, the fact is it is infinitely faster for me to hop inside of NAND or Codeex and prompt my way to the solution versus going inside of NADN and trying to tie a bunch of nodes together. And that also includes if I'm on any cloud version, which isn't available on the self-host, and that's their workflow builder. Furthermore, the output I get with real code is going to be easier to iterate upon, easier to test, and easier to add things on to it later down the line. Now, the third area where NAND struggles is commercial licensing. And this doesn't really get talked about enough, and I think it's because NAD's fair use policy is very confusing. NAD is not open source, and I've seen it referenced as open source by a lot of creators, and that's simply not true. It uses a fair use policy. Now, what does that mean? Well, that means if I build something that's awesome inside of any and I want to sell it or use it as a SAS project, well, I can, but only in certain instances. And those instances are if my application I built an NN does not require the user to give me credentials. So, imagine I built a personal assistant. Imagine I built my version of of OpenClaw inside of Nen. Well, that might require you to give me your email credentials or your Gmail credentials or whatever credentials. can't do that inside of NAN, right? And there's many many scenarios you can imagine that would require the customer to give their credentials for whatever reason to make the app work. You can't do that in NAND. And what that means is you're very limited in what you can create inside of NAN and then turn around and make a SAS project. So in terms of using NADN to build something to make money, again this falls very very short. Again, compare that to something like cloud code. I build it. It's my code. I can sell it however I want. I can package it however I want. I can take things that are open source. Not the case with NAND. And that's a huge issue if you're someone who's in this to build to make money. So those are the three areas where NAND struggles and they're areas that are becoming more and more apparent in today's day and age. Now like I said in the beginning, this is not an any hit piece. Any is a tool and it's the best tool for the job in many instances. But what is its lane? When does it make sense to use? Let's talk about that now because I think there's three specific places where NAND should still be your go-to because there's still three areas where Naden wins. Number one is its speed to deployment with simple or medium difficulty projects. Number two is its accessibility for non-technical teams and number three is its entire integration ecosystem. So let's talk about those. So let's start with number one which is its speed to deployment with simpler medium-sized projects. N is still king here. If I want to put together a very quick MVP with a relatively linear idea that I know how I want it to start from beginning to end, I can do that in Nen in 5 10 minutes and I can do it in a visual manner which is very easy to both explain to a non-technical team but also troubleshoot and iterate upon versus if I try to do something like that in clawed code, it involves a lot of additional overhead that may just not make sense at these early stages. And that speed to deployment on these lower level projects, a lot of this glue work, that sort of internal tools behind the scenes isn't something you can dismiss out of hand. And it is where NAD is 100% a winner. And piggybacking off of that is point number two, which is accessibility to non-technical teams. And this is not something that can be dismissed. A large part of NAND's meteoric rise was its accessibility. It was the ability to allow people who weren't technical to actually get their hands dirty and start doing things that were completely outside their wheelhouse a few years ago, but were actually realistic for them to build because it was visual, because it was relatively simple. So, if you're dealing with a client or a team that is full of people who quote unquote aren't technical, yet they need to get hands-on on this project, may need to edit it, may need to actually troubleshoot it, well, NN is brilliant for that. Versus the alternative, which is like, hey, I built this Python app for you. Here's the GitHub repo. Go ahead and edit it as you need. Well, that's a bridge too far, frankly, for honestly 99% of the population. So if you're building things for teams of non-developers who do need to get hands-on, frankly, NADN totally shines in that department. And lastly, the integration system of NADN is pretty unmatched. There's what 4 500 built-in integrations inside of NADN that is essentially abstract away the entire authentication process, which frankly can be a pain in the butt even if you're using something like cloud code. And that integration ecosystem and that abstraction layer is again huge for some of this internal background glue work that essentially keeps a lot of businesses running with low-level automations. So let's kind of recap where we are in 2026 with all these tools because the gap between NAND and these coding agents like claude code used to be a crack, but now it's a canyon and it's a canyon that's getting larger and larger. But that doesn't mean NAND is dying. It just means nen has a very specific lane now. And while again 6 months to 12 months ago the highway was kind of dominated by nen well now maybe it just has a couple lanes on the right hand side and that's okay because again it's a tool. You're an AI developer. You should be somewhat tool agnostic. We just want to solve problems and use the correct tool for the job. This isn't a hit on nan. This isn't me trying to hype up cloud code. It's just the reality. And if you want to become a more mature AI developer, it is imperative you understand which lane you're in for which particular job. Which means the true power is in knowing how to do both. We do not want to be a one-trick pony. But I also think it's important to have these conversations, especially in the AI space where these things are just changing so so rapidly. So that's where I'm going to leave you for today. As always, check out the links in the description and in the comments if you're looking for more resources about both Claude Code and NNN because I think they still have a ton of value no matter where you are in your AI journey. Tons of resources in the free school. I also have Chase AI Plus which is if you're a little more serious about this and you're trying to figure out, hey, how can I actually use these skills to make money? So, make sure to check that out as well. And as always, I'll see you

=== i converted all my n8n agents to real code and it was stupid easy ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSp4jL8R2o0

NADN has been one of the most powerful noode tools on the market for some time now. But today, as platforms like Claude Code, Codeex, and anti-gravity become both more powerful and more userfriendly, one of the skills you need to master is taking your NADN automations, agents, and workflows and being able to convert them into proper applications when called for. Now this is something we have touched on in previous videos where we have taken any automations and used cloud code to essentially build a wrapper around them. We've given them a front end, a backend, databases, the works. But at its core, it was still an NAN JSON file essentially powering all the logic. But in today's video, we're taking it a step further. We aren't creating a wrapper this time because instead we're going to be taking an NAND JSON file and turning it into a proper Python app. And for today's demo, we are going to be converting one of my favorite NAND workflows. It's a Rag AI agent powered by LightRag. But this video isn't about any one-off project. What this video is really about is giving you a framework to convert any NAND automation you want while also having a nuance discussion about when this sort of conversion when this transformation from NAN to real code actually makes sense and when it doesn't and what the pros and cons really are. So with that let's get to it. So let's take a look at the AI agent we are going to be converting today. This is a RAG AI agent. Rag stands for retrieval augmented generation and essentially that means our AI agent is hooked up to a vector database in this case a graph rag system using light rag which allows it to take on a bunch of documentation and then answer questions about it right that's essentially all that means and there's three parts to this AI agent you have the AI agent system right here which allows you to actually query and ask questions second you have a data pipeline so we need some way to actually ingest docu douments into the system. Right? If I want to ask this AI agent questions about meeting notes, well, how do I get the meeting notes into the vector database? That's what this does. And then third, we need some sort of data cleanup system, right? So imagine I uploaded meeting notes into the database. Well, what happens if I delete it from the database? Maybe I put in the wrong thing. Does that get deleted in the vector database? Right? You need some sort of data syncing system. So all of that exists here inside of N&NN and it works well, but it's three disperate systems and it's in one JSON file and we essentially want to push it into real code using cloud code for three reasons. And these three reasons don't just apply to this light rag AI agent in a vacuum. This sort of applies in general as well. And the three big reasons and these aren't exhaustive is performance, cost, and control. First of all, let's talk about performance. Right now, this rag agent lives inside of NAND. That's either going to be on the NAND cloud or if you're self-hosted on whatever cloud you host NADN on. But the light rag system itself, due to the way NAN is set up, cannot live inside of NAND, it's going to have to be on its own server somewhere else. And that comes at a performance cost. Every time I talk to this AI agent here inside of NADN, right? It now has to take the trip over to the graph rag server. Figure out your answer and bring it back. That costs us time. That also moving on to point two cost us money, right? I'm now dealing with servers for NN. I'm now dealing with servers for light rag. I'm now now dealing with the cost associated with running both of those and having both talk to one another. Now compare that to when we can have it operate as an actual Python application. Light rag itself is actually a Python library which means I can create all of this everything we see here in NAN using Python code and have the graph rag interface database that whole system just be a part of that code essentially meaning all of it is in one place right that reduces my cost that increases performance everything is in a nice neat little box and before you say hey Chase couldn't we just do like a code node here or something and do Python and add libraries into all this stuff. Well, then the question becomes, why are we actually inside of NAND if we're just scaffolding a bunch of code notes together? And then that brings us into point three, which is control. And this is rather obvious. When I'm working inside of NAND, I am constrained by the platform itself, both in terms of its tools and sort of legality issues, right? Think about the naden fair use policy and where that can constrain you. Especially if you're trying to create something like a SAS application where you want to get paid for it versus if I create this as a Python application by myself with my code, I own it all, right? I don't even have to think about that. So I also have the entire breadth and width of every coding tool imaginable at my disposal, right? And I h and I can access those things in a less hacky way than creating something inside of any where it's a bunch of code nodes slapped together. Now, this is not to say NIDN does not have its place. And at the end of this video, we're going to dive into that and I'm really going to talk about, hey, here's where NAD does make sense because it does still play a part in your 2026 AI stack. But understand, there are some major advantages to moving away from NADN into whatever you want to call it, real code or whatever using something like log code. So, now that you understand what we're converting and why we're doing it, now let's go through the how. And the great part about this is it's actually pretty easy. We are going to hop into Claude Code. We are going to create a new project folder. And I'm just going to dump the JSON file that I downloaded from NADN into the project folder. I'm then going to go into plan mode. And alls I'm going to do is I'm going to say, hey, I put in this NADN automation into the project folder. I want to convert it into a real application. I want to get outside of the JSON structure. What do we need to do for this? That's pretty much it. That's pretty much all you have to do for almost everything. No matter what automation agent workflow you're doing, that's what you got to do. Now, if you have a well-created JSON file like mine, and maybe you have some stuff written over here about how it works, this will go very, very smoothly. Right? If what you're trying to convert inside of NAND already works, well, guess what? The JSON file is telling Claude Code what it's supposed to do. It's just rewriting that in essentially a different way using Python or whatever it happens to use. Now, obviously, there's 10 billion different iterations of Naden workflows. So, your use case will vary, but by and large, it's really as simple as dropping the template inside and then having a conversation plan mode with cloud code just explaining here's what I want to do by the way, here's how it works and also tacking on any differences you want to make. All I wrote here was I want to convert this NAD JSON rag agent into a proper app. Take a look at the file. It's in the folder and tell me what you think. it's going to go to work. And again, we're set up so well in this scenario versus like creating some sort of application from thin air using cloud code. We've already done all the hard work inside of NAND, right? You really have. Now, as this is spinning up, let's talk about though some of the roadblocks that you will probably face and they're going to be related to authentication because inside of NAND, you've probably already gone through the painstaking authentication process inside of things like Google, for example. We all know how fun it is to get the Google Cloud spun up. You're essentially going to have to redo that, but this time inside of Cloud Code, and sometimes the processes are a little bit different, but credentials by and large are the biggest pain in the butt I have found doing this. Again, luckily, Claude Code will walk you through that process step by step. And just like inside of Naden, once you've gone through the authentication process inside of Cloud Code, that code is there. It's been written. You can always reuse it. So, Claude Code's now asking me some questions about what we want that conversion to look like. So, hey, I want it to be a full web app. Asking me my text stack. We can do Python. It's asking me, do I want to keep the Google Drive integration? Yes, keep the Google Drive. And submit answers. And from here, you just let it go to work. So, after a few minutes, it creates all the code for us. And then it comes back with a checklist we need to complete on our end to get this thing up and running. So, first is the Google Cloud Service account. So, again, Google Cloud kind of a pain in the butt, but it makes it pretty easy cuz it gives us the exact steps to complete. Then we need to add our open AI key, install the Python packages in a separate terminal, test it locally, push the GitHub, and then it even shows us how to deploy it on Railway. So, I'm going to run through all that very quickly offscreen so you don't have to watch me inside of Google Cloud for 20 minutes, and we'll just go ahead and take a look at the final product. So, here's a look at our final product for our graph rag system. What we see right now is the front end of the system. And in the back end, we're no longer relying on an edit JSON file. We have the full Python architecture that was built by Cloud Code itself. And so I'll test it out by asking it a question. And we can see it comes back with a pretty lengthy response where it actually shows us where it's pulling all of its information from. Essentially citing all the sources that are inside of its database. Pretty cool. And if you want to learn more about Graphra and especially Lightrag cuz it's a really cool open source system, make sure you check the description cuz I'll put a link there. So now you see how simple it is to make the conversion from these naden workflows into real applications. And now you're probably asking, well, if it's this simple and I get all these benefits, why even bother with naden in the first place? And I think there's some good reasons to still make sure you have naden in your back pocket. And the primary reason is its efficiency as a prototyping and MVP tool. And the fact that we can do this all visually is a huge boon, especially if you're someone who's rather new to this thing, aren't very technical, or you're working with a group or client who also isn't technical and doing everything inside of the cloud code infrastructure is a bridge too far. Now, I may be pretty biased in this regard, but I think the visual nature of NADN really helps bring the point home when you're trying to figure out how data needs to flow through a system. And that data visualization piece when it comes to the architecture of an app, I think it's super important because understanding how data works and how it flows from point A to point B, I think is one of the fundamental skills you must master in AI development and it's one that's really hard to wrap your head around if you aren't quote unquote technical. On top of that, once you do get the hang of NAN, being able to create something like this is very, very quick and you can customize it very quickly. There's no back and forth with claude of making sure, hey, did you actually understand what I'm saying? If you're someone who's more price constrained, you're not worrying about burning through tokens. And on top of that, it's easy to get very, very granular, right, in terms of each and every node and really get your hands dirty and understand, hey, like what's going on here and what do I need to change or fix to get the output I'm looking for? And in the process of getting hands-on with these automations, when you're in the prototype phase and you're trying to feel out what you're even trying to build, I think it gets you very intimate with the essential coding logic of your application, which in the long run, I think gives you much better outcomes. So that's ultimately where I think Naden shines in the big picture. There's also the more obvious things like, hey, if I'm doing a very simple automation and I'm using a nontechnical team, like hey, that's something they can do as well. But I think for a lot of people as they become more mature in their AI development journey, they tend to shy away from NAND and move to clawed code and that's with good reason. But I think there is still a lot of value to extract from NAND even as you become more comfortable with these egentic coding agents. So that is where I'm going to leave you guys today. I hope if nothing else this showed you how not scary it is to jump into claw code if you're already comfortable with NAN. really not a huge leap. Like you're already there and you've done a lot of the work upfront already. Now, I also have a ton of resources if you want to learn more about AI down in the comments. I have the free school. All the stuff in there is free. I also have the paid Chase AI plus community. That's if you're someone who is a little more advanced in your AI journey and you're trying to figure out, hey, how exactly can I make money with this thing? So, make sure you check both of those out. I will also have the template you saw here inside of the school community. So, let me know what you thought of this video.

=== OpenClaw Google Setup is a Nightmare (Here's the Fix) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_N2Y2XyR3M

OpenClaw is the fastest growing open-source AI project of all time. And somehow, even with all that hype behind it, there is not a single good guide that shows you how to properly set up this thing in the cloud and connect the one tool you need to actually turn it into a proper AI assistant, and that's your Google account. But we need to do better than just give it access to your email, your drive, and your calendar. We need to do it in a secure fashion that makes sure if anything goes wrong, we didn't just give the keys to the entire kingdom to a bad actor. Now, be warned. Connecting OpenClaw to your Google Workspace is a giant pain in the butt, which is why all these AI influencers skip this step entirely when they show you how to set up OpenClaw. But I am going to show you everything in this video so we can navigate all these weird technical hurdles that are in front of us and getting OpenClaw actually up and running. And at the end of this video, you'll also get my take on OpenClaw at large and where I think this thing can actually provide some value admits all this wild hype. So, let's first talk about the hosting options very quickly. Three big options for where OpenClaw can live. Number one, and this is what you see all over the place, is a Mac Mini. This is expensive, right? This is going to run you $400 to $600, but you can connect it to your Mac and it's going to be up and running all the time. Your second option is to host it somewhere on the cloud. So you're paying some third party say hosting your $7 to $10 a month. Again, very cheap to essentially give you space on one of their servers, which is where OpenCloud will live. Third option is to host it directly on your computer. So it's not in the cloud, it's also not on your Mac Mini, it's right on your machine. Now, the downside with having it right on your machine is if you want OpenClaw running all the time, well then your machine needs to be running all the time, which for most people that's just not the case. And in today's video, what we're going to focus on is the third-party option, actually hosting it on a VPS. And that's because this is something everyone can do, right? Whether you're on Linux or Windows or a Mac, everyone can do this, right? So, I think this is going to be the easiest option for most people. This doesn't require you to shell out money for a mini. also doesn't require you to necessarily be on a Mac and it's probably the most safe option as well. For today's demo, I'm going to be using Hostinger as the cloud provider. Three reasons for that. First one is just the bang for the buck, right? Seven bucks a month and I get plenty of power. Number two is it does give us a one-click install option with OpenClaw that I'm going to show you. And then third, once we're actually on that cloud server, we can get root access, which is important when we're setting up things like Gogg to actually get our Google authentication working. As for which plane you should use, KVM2 is plenty of power. You can get away with KVM1 as well. Now, once we're here, the biggest thing you need to pay attention to is which operating system you're going to use. We going to use Ubuntu, and you're going to do 24.04 LTS. So, make sure you confirm this. From there, you're just going to hit continue and go through the payment process. Now, you may see some links or options about automatically deploying OpenClaw on your server. I suggest not selecting that, especially if you're following this video, because I'm going to show you instead how to go in the terminal and install this manually. We want to do that so we can actually give OpenClaw root access to this server we're creating in the cloud. It's going to be easier for us to install GOG, which will make it easier for us to actually get the Google credentials up and running on our claw agent. Now, during your setup process, it will ask you for a root password. Make sure you remember this root password because we will be using it when we start working in the terminal. Now, once you finish up the setup, you're going to see a page that looks like this. And what I want you to pay attention to is this, the root access. This command right here is what we're going to take into our own terminal to SSH into our cloud server. Now, what is SSH? What does that mean? Well, it's like using our terminal to then control the terminal for OpenClaw. That's all we're essentially doing. Now, we do have a terminal up here inside of Hostinger, but it's kind of cumbersome to every time we want to use the terminal here to open up Hostinger, go to this page, turn up this terminal. Like, I'd rather just do it on my terminal, right? And it's very simple to do. So, what I want you to do is to copy this and then bring up your own terminal. So, once you're inside your terminal, just paste that in there. It's going to ask you this question. Hit yes. Put in your root password that you just set. And there you go. It should now say root at your actual VPS address. Now it's time to actually install OpenClaw. Now some people might say, "Hey, do we really want to do this as the root user?" Ultimately, this VPS out in the cloud, all it's doing is OpenClaw. So I don't really see it as a security issue, seeing as this is the only thing on there. This isn't our personal computer that we're running as root installing OpenClaw. Now it's time to install OpenClaw. So if you head to OpenClaw.ai, scroll down to quick start, it will give us the command we need to use. Now it's going to start on Windows. is we want this to be on MacOSS/ Linux. We're going to copy this. Head back to our terminal. Paste this in there. And it's going to start installing. Yes, we understand it's risky. When it asks for what onboarding mode, do quick start. Here's where it's going to ask for your model/ provider. Now, understand a lot of people suggest anthropic. Anthropic is expensive, right? Everything that OpenCloud does is on a token basis and it can be rather tokenheavy. So your cost can rack up pretty quickly and Anthropic I don't think is necessarily the best tool for the job unless you have no problem spending a bunch of money on tokens. My suggestion is using something a little bit cheaper. Maybe start with like an OpenAI model, maybe like a mini model because you can always go back and change this, right? You can always change what models are available to you. So for me, I'm going to use OpenAI. If you don't know how to find your API key for any one of these, guess what? Just ask AI. It'll walk you through it. Next, it's going to ask the channel. This is what messaging app you want to use to actually talk with Open Claw. Now, I suggest using Telegram unless you have a preference for the others because Telegram's super easy to set up and it's free. So, to get your Telegram bot token, what you're going to do is you're going to open Telegram and you're going to start a conversation with the bot father. From there, it's going to ask you a series of questions, namely, what do you want to name your bot? And then it's going to give you a token. It's going to say, "Use this token to access the HTTP API." You're going to copy that token and you're going to paste it in here. It's going to ask if you want to configure skills. Now, we can say yes. Go homebrew install command. No. Now, this is asking you what skills you want to install right off the bat. Now, since we're on a VPS and we're not on a Mac OS, we're not going to be able to install a lot of these right away until we install some dependencies on our actual server. But, one we can install right away is Claw Hub. So, you can just select that one and then hit enter. No. No. If you want to, you can set these up right now if you want to. You can always do them later. It's very simple. And it's going to ask if you want to enable hooks. And you can select all three of these and hit enter. Now it's going to ask where do we want to hatch our bot. We're going to hatch in the T UI. We're really not going to mess with the web UI very much today. And with that, Clawbot is now installed on our VPS. First things it's going to ask you is like, do you want to give me a name or any sort of like personality type instructions? Go ahead and do that now. And then what we'll do is we'll connect it to Telegram so we can talk to it there. Now, to get your bot working inside of Telegram, just click the link that botfather gave you to start that conversation. It'll bring you to a new window. You may see something at the bottom that says hit like start to start the bot. But all you have to do is message it. So, just say hi. And you'll get a response that looks like this. Go ahead and just copy that entire message. Dump it into OpenClaw and say, "Hey, I'm trying to set up Telegram. Here's the message I just got." And it's that easy to set it up. Now, I can open up Telegram and say, "How's it going?" And I'll then get a response inside of Telegram. You can also see that that response is mirrored inside of the terminal. But now I no longer need to talk to OpenClaw inside of the terminal. I can do everything inside of Telegram or Slack or WhatsApp or whatever it is I configured. And really the great value in OpenClaw I think is what you just saw there how easy it is to connect it to different things. Right? All I did was I spoke to it, right? Compare that with like an automation where we would create it with a personal assistant. I'd have to go in there and I'd have to create the module to have to set up the credentials. Here with OpenClaw, a lot of that's kind of abstracted away. I just need to speak to it. So, OpenClaw is now installed on the VPS. We can talk to it through Telegram. Now comes the fun part, actually hooking it up to Google. Now, this is sort of a multi-step process to do this. First, we're going to head to Google Workspace. We're going to give our agent its own email. We're going to connect it to the appropriate APIs. Then, we're going to come back to our VPS, hop into the terminal. We're going to install the Gogg CLI. Go. This is the tool that allows OpenClaw and Google to actually communicate because unfortunately it is it isn't as easy as it was with Telegram where we can just talk to OpenClaw and have it do itself. After we do that, we're going to authenticate all of our accounts and then we'll test it out and see if it's actually working as it should. So, a lot of moving parts, but we're going to go through it step by step so you can follow along. So, the first thing we're going to do is we're going to head to Gmail and we're going to create a new email for our agent. Now, this is a level of separation that's meant to introduce some safety, right? If I want Open Claw to send emails, I don't want it to do it with my email address, right? I don't necessarily want my name and everything in my account just at its fingertips. Also, by having its own email and having its own accounts, it can still interact with us, right? It can still take a look at our calendar. I can add it to the calendar. I can still give it access to my Google Drive. I can specify specific folders, right? This is the idea of least privilege, right? I don't want to give it everything because it might want to use it. We're going to start small. Now, the one caveat to this is, hey, what if I do want it to look at my inbox? Well, that can be kind of complicated. And you can indeed give it access to your account if that's what you want to do. Just go into these decisions like that with your eyes wide open and understanding what's at risk because we don't have to risk everything if we don't want to. So, go ahead, create the account and we'll move on to the next step, which is the workspace. Now, I've said workspace like 900 times, but what I'm really talking about is we now need to move to the Google Cloud. So, it's console.cloud.google. Again, I'll put a link down below. What you need to make sure is that you're on your agents email account. So, if you come up here to the top right, make sure that the account it's associated with is the bots account. It's not yours. If you need to switch it, just click on the name and switch accounts. Next, I want you to create a new project. So, click my first project up here. Do new project. Call it whatever you want. I'm going to call mine test one. Call it open cloth. Doesn't really matter. Now, after you create that new project, you need to switch to it. It won't automatically do that. And once you're switched to it, it'll show it right here. Now, it's time to enable all the APIs. So, click this menu over here on the left. Go to APIs and services, enabled APIs and services. And then we're just going to go down the list. So, you can either go down the list here or you can just do it in the search bar. So, for example, search for Gmail. You'll see Gmail API. Enable it. Once it's enabled, now I'm going to want to do something like the Drive API, Google Drive API. And we're just going to repeat this process for all the APIs you want or need. Google has a billion of them. At the very least, I suggest doing Google Drive, Google Calendar, and Gmail. And once you've enabled all the APIs you want, go to the OOTH consent screen on the left hand side. You'll see a page like this and hit get started. For your app name, call whatever you want. Use an email that you have access to. Hit next. For audience, we're going to do external. Contact information. Again, just put whatever email you want and create. Next, go to audience and I'm going to want you go to publish app, hit confirm, and you're all set there. Next, go back to the navigation menu, the three bars on the left. Go to APIs and services, and go to credentials. Go to create credentials over here and do OOTH client ID. Application type, we're going to do desktop app. Call it whatever you want and hit create. Now take note of your client ID and client secret. Copy those, put them somewhere secure because you won't see them again. But what you also need to do is you need to download the JSON. Once you downloaded the JSON and you recorded the ID and secret, you can hit okay. Now what we need to do is we need to take that JSON file and we need to put it inside our VPS that has all of our credentials and that's what OpenClaw is going to be able to use to actually connect our Google accounts. So for this next step, we need to be in the terminal. So open up a new terminal window and paste in this command. Now what are we doing here? This is us taking our downloaded JSON file and copying it onto our VPS. So I'm going to give you this command, but you're going to have to change some stuff, right? What are you going to have to change? This whole blue part you're going to need to change because this blue section, that is my downloaded path to that JSON file we just got from Google. Okay. How do you find that path? Just right click on the file inside your download folder and do copy as path. Also, you'll need to change this. Right? This is my VPS servers IP. Yours will be different. If you're confused of how to change these things, just copy this command that I'm giving you. Bring it to AI. Explain what you're trying to do. It will adjust it for you. That's my best advice. It's going to ask for your root password when you do that. And then it's just going to copy it over. Now, at this point, we do want to SSH back into our VPS. So go ahead, head to hostinger and grab that command. And let's just confirm that our file is actually there. So we can see here that the file does exist and was copied over. Now it's time to actually install GOG. So you're just going to paste in all these commands which are again in the school. And you're going to let it go to work for a couple minutes. Now at the end of all that, you should see something that looks like this where it's like v0.9.0.5. Basically, you can just run go space- version. And if you get something that shows an actual version, well, hey, congratulations. Gogg is now installed. So go ahead and clear this out. So we've now installed Gogg. Now we need to authenticate our credentials with Gogg. So this is our next command. And this is by far the most confusing and challenging part of this entire setup. And it's where everybody gets lost. So this command looks simple enough, right? Google off add. And you're going to put your particular email. The services you're going to put here. The one inside the school will include additional services. Trim this down to whatever APIs you actually enabled. For me, it was Gmail, Calendar, and Drive. When I run this command, it's going to return a gigantic link. I need to follow that link to authenticate my account. Problem is, we're on this VPS. When I follow that link, it's not it's going to bring up the browser on my computer, which means it won't work. So, to get it to work, we need to essentially route it in a different direction to our computer. So, to do that, you need to create a second terminal window right on your local computer. And there is a specific command you're going to need to give it. That command depends on the giant link we get here. So I can't tell you what exactly it's going to look like. You have to pick out a a series of numbers in that giant link. To make this easy, what you're going to do is you're going to have another window open with a large language model. In this case, it's clawed. It doesn't matter what it is, but you're going to have this prompt in there. It says I'm setting up open claw on oinger. My VPS is this IP again. Where do you get this on this page IP right here? I just ran a go off ad command and got the URL with a port number. I'm going to paste the output. Give me the exact ssh tunnel command I need to run on my local computer with the correct port number filled in. What does that mean? Doesn't matter. It's going to give you a command that you need to copy and paste into the second window. confused? Totally okay. Just watch me do this and you're going to repeat it. So, we're going to hit enter. Giant URL. We copy the URL. We paste the URL in here. It gives me the command. Copy. Go into the other terminal. Paste. Enter password. Now click the browser. Now choose your account advanced. Go to OC1. It's totally okay. Hit continue. Select all. Continue. Authorized. All right. A lot of moving parts. That link doesn't stay up forever. So, if it expires, you're going to have to do that again. But that's the series of events you need to do. Okay. Hit enter. Copy the link. Go to AI. Paste the link. Copy command. Second terminal again on the local level. Paste in that command. Enter root password. Go back. Follow link. Next. Next. Next. Next. Confused? Great. Once you do that though, you're connected. You're set up. It's then going to ask for a passphrase. You can use any passphrase you want. And once you do that, you should then see your email pop up for your bot with the services that are provided. Now, if you wanted to add more services, let's say later you wanted to add sheets or slides or something. You would just repeat that process we just did. You don't need to do the whole JSON thing. You just need to do the last round of commands we did, right? Where you do the URL, you do this whole double terminal thing. Painful, but that's it. anytime you want to add commands, add services, that's how you would do it. So after we create that key ring password, we want to set that in ourv file so we're not always being asked for it every time we need to use these Google resources. So we're going to run this command which is going to open up nano. It's going to take you to something that looks like this. We just want to hit the down arrow once. Go ahead and type go_key password equal sign and then you're just going to put in your keyring password. Once you put in your password to exit to save and exit this, you're going to do control O enter and then control X. After you do that, we're going to run chmod 600 on this to lock it down. Now, after we run chmod, then we're going to run this final command. And that's going to make sure we aren't constantly asked for the keyring password when we're using Google. And at this point, everything should be connected. So, let's run it through one final test inside the terminal to make sure we didn't miss anything. So, this is the command we're going to run again. Switch that email with your email. And you should get a bunch of stuff that looks like this. Essentially, it should be checking the email and all those other things to see if it actually got any hits back. If it asks you for like your key ring again, that means you missed something in the EMV file and you probably need to go back the last couple minutes and just make sure you pasted all the commands in. And also, if you don't get your answer from there, just make sure you're copying and pasting this into your AI of choice and being like, hey, like what's going wrong here? Now, if everything in that last step worked for you, as it did for me, now there's one more thing we need to do while we're still inside the terminal. And we essentially now have to give OpenClaw access to that Google keyring. And to do that, we're going to have to hop into Nano again. So, we're going to run this command. Once inside nano, you're going to go down to where it says services, and we're going to create a new environmental variable essentially. So, we'll do environment equals Then just like we did before, go hearing password equals and then you're going to put your password in there again and then control O entertrl + x. Next, we need to restart the system. So we're going to put in these two commands. And now openclaw should finally be ready to go. So now let's actually test it out. So I told OpenClaw Gogg and your Google accounts are set up. Send an email to me at my email. I gave him my email saying what's up and send a calendar invite for 2 p.m. tomorrow and let's have a chat. and it came back and told me well what time zone how long. Um so we'll tell it told it hey use CST 30 minutes primary calendar use a link and get creative now all these sorts of things like these default settings that it's asking for. You can actually just have back and forth with open claw and just say hey going forward remember it's always CST remember this is my email because remember again it essentially has like a pretty robust rag system under the hood as well as a bunch of markdown files to both remember its chats and remember specific essentially character traits that you give it. So, it says it sent the email. So, let's see if it actually did it. All right. So, I got the email from my bot saying what's up. And I also got the calendar invite. Pretty sweet. Now, speaking of calendars, what you can also do at this point is you can go into your personal calendars and you can invite OpenClaw and whatever email address you get it to be able to view your calendar. So, when you start talking to your bot, in my case, Maya, and I say, "Hey, take a look at my calendar tomorrow and see what times are available." It can actually do that, right? Right? And those are the sort of ways that you can essentially give it access to say your calendar. It can view it, but you're not giving it necessarily like root access to your calendar, right? It can't edit events and stuff, but it can still take a look and adjust things as needed. That's the nice thing with giving it its email because, hey, it can still add things to your calendar via invites versus again having full access to your complete digital life and changing things on the spot. So, this is where we're going to wrap up for today. Like you saw, it's actually kind of painful to get Google set up with OpenClaw. Even though it's a very intuitive tool and once it is up and running, it's very easy to add things to it. Google is one of the exceptions, which kind of sucks because having access to the email, the calendar, and all these things is really, really important if we truly want to turn this into an AI assistant that's actually useful. And in terms of usefulness and about all the hype with Claudebot, just understand what this is and what it isn't. What it is is a very intuitive, very powerful personal assistant. But truth be told, a lot of things that it can do are things that if you stripped away and just did in a vacuum, like specific automations and cron jobs and scheduling things, you've been able to do inn and other places for a long long time. I think the real value with open claw is the manner in which it's been packaged and the foundation it's laying for what can be built upon it in the next year or two. right now in its current iteration. Again, very useful. But the things it's actually doing aren't particularly novel, nor are they things that we couldn't do before. It's just all in one place now, and we can talk to it on Telegram, which also we could do before as well. But all that to say, I'm not trying to like knock OpenClaw. It's an awesome tool. Just is it, you know, is it necessarily new what it's doing? No. But it's packaged in a very special way, which is really what I think the discussion should be about because that's where the real value lies. The real value isn't telling it to, you know, send me an email, although that is important if an AI assistant is what you want. So, as always, let me know what you thought in the comments and you can stay on the lookout for more OpenClaw videos, right? Hopefully, this has sort of laid the foundation so we can actually start doing cool stuff with it. And as always, I'll see you

=== how to get the most out of the best AI video model EVER ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZn61BARgsI

Claim 3.0 is here >> and it's good. >> No, I mean really [music] good. And >> it doesn't just excel in action. It's a huge leap forward for multi-shots, text, and emotion. [laughter] And when you put that all together, we have a model that is a step above everything else on the market. So, in today's video, I'm going to give you the best practices for getting the most out of Clling 3.0 so you can start putting this beast to work. So, for today's video, I'm going to be demoing all this inside of Higsfield. Higsfield is just a one-stop shop for a bunch of different AI content creation tools, whether that's image generators like Nanobanana Pro or things like Cling 3.0. I'll put a link down below for Higsfield and also have a discount code for you guys. So, Cling 3.0, like I mentioned in the intro, this truly is a step above everything else we have seen so far. So, what we're going to do now is I'm going to break down some of the key features very quickly and then we're going to dive into sort of best practices and things like prompt techniques so you can start using this yourself and actually get some really high quality outputs. So, let's zoom in on the lefth hand side and take a look at these prompts because the effectiveness of cleaning 3.0 when it comes to multi-shots is where it really shines. I think multi-shots really came kind of on the scene with so 2 originally. When I talk about multi-shots, I mean it's not just one continuous shot. We can kind of go to different cuts all within the same generation. And clean 3 really breaks this down well because we have the ability to a set multi-shots and then specifically break it out shot by shot by shot, right? Right. We also have the ability to change the duration of each of those shots. So I can change the duration here just by dragging it. And we get a max of 15 seconds. On top of that, we have the ability to still control the scenes using key frames. So I can do a first frame as well as an M frame, which again gives us a ton of control. But the other big thing they've added here is elements. Now think of elements as like reference images for Nano Banana Pro, except now we're doing it in video. So we can go beyond just a first frame or a last frame. I can now give it essentially more context of how I want other objects and people to show up throughout the generation. For example, if I want to create a new element, I just hit the plus button and then I'm going to upload images of that element. So let's say I want it to be a person. So I would add an image of them from the side, from the front, from behind. Basically giving the AI a full 360 view of what this person looks like. The idea here is because we're able to do all these dynamic camera actions now, well, I want the AI to actually know what that person is going to look like from all these different angles. Then I just give them a name and then I give them some sort of description, right? 20's woman, brown hair. It doesn't have to be super deep. From there, they've now been uploaded as an element and I can reference them in the prompts. And then to use that element inside the prompt, I just hit add elements and I add them to the prompt. Right? So you can see atwoman one is there. And I can also reference it by just doing at and one and typing it in. And so the big thing there is we just continue to get more control. Now the prompts we've been looking at over here on the left, shots one, two, and three are from the same video, the one you saw in the intro. And the quality and prompt adherence is solid. And on top of that, we also got audio. So we have multi-shots, we have elements, we have audio. There's actually quite a bit we need to juggle inside of the prompts themselves. So how do we do that? what's a good template for us to use that you can then take and make your own. So, luckily for you, I created an entire cleaning 3.0 prompting guide. The idea is you give AI this entire guide. You can just copy paste it and then you can start talking to it about what you're actually trying to create and it's going to spit back prompts to you that actually make sense. Now, to get this thing, I'm going to put it inside my free school. There will be a link to that down in the comments. So, just head there and you'll find it. But, let's go through this real quickly so you understand what's going on under the hood. So, when it comes to prompting, the biggest issue is A, you're not giving it enough information or really the right information, and B, you're not using the right vocabulary. So, the six things we need to hit in each prompt is the camera, the scene, the subject, the action, the audio, and the style. Right? If we don't explicitly tell it these things, then it's just going to default to the mean, which is going to give you a mediocre output. Now, lots of people know this, but what they fail is in step two, which is using the right words. For example, the camera. I want a low angle tracking shot using a 24 mm anamorphic lens and a slow dolly pushin. Do you have any idea what those words mean? And if you do, would you have thought to use them? Right? That's actually an issue because this is these are the type of words and nomenclature that the AI is going to respond best to. Right? This is what it was trained on. So you have to sort of attack these problems as a film director. Now again, luckily with this guide when you give it to AI, it's going to know that. But if you just go in there and you just use sort of just like normal language, you're kind of just rolling the dice and hoping it can, you know, take your idea that you did a poor job of articulating and turn it into something like this, right? So, that's what we need to do for all of our shots. Both when it's a singleshot template and when it's a multi-shot template, right? Every single time, you still need to talk to like the camera and the subject in the action cuz chances are if you're doing multi-shots, you're going to want to change what the camera is and even what the style is. Now, I also included a quick reference cheat sheet showing you different terms and what they do. Same thing with camera movements and lenses. But, let me actually give you an even better thing to look at. Now, this website is awesome. It's called shotdeck.com. You can sign up for a twoe free trial without putting in a credit card. And it essentially lets you look up scenes and movies and you can find individual scenes and it will give you all the technical information about that scene. Let me give you an example. Say I search up Dune 2. You can see all these related scenes from that movie and other movies like it. So if I click on one of these scenes, so it obviously gives me a still from that scene. But what's cool if I go down here, I can get all of this technical information about how it was shot. Namely, the shot type, right? twoshot, low angle, the lens size, the composition, the lighting, the camera, the lens, the film stock. And what that means is I could do something where I take a screenshot of all this information. I give it to AI and I say, "Hey, I'm trying to create a scene that looks like this. Give me a prompt for that." And then you could take that prompt, you can go back to your AI video generator, and you can use that as a base. Because prompting is ultimately everything. Like you want to know how to use these well, you have to know how to prompt. And to know how to prompt, you have to know how to articulate your ideas. Well, what better way than to find scenes by people who do this professionally and essentially copy the way they did it, right? I'm not using the exact scene, but what did they use as a lens? What they use as a lens style? Super cool website, Shot Deck. Check it out. Like, you'll get tons of great ideas because all the scenes you see here are from like iconic, you know, movies and shots. And it has an insane repository. So, definitely take a look. Shot deck.com. Free for two weeks. Now, beyond that, it's really just your standard AI fundamentals to get the most out of your videos. So, let's now talk really quickly about some things to avoid and where this model does struggle. Now, we talked about elements before. One thing I will caution you with is if you throw too many elements into a prompt with too many multi-shots, sometimes it will ignore the shot changes. So, if I have three different shots that call for hard cuts, it will just make it into one long cut. And when you do that, you will sometimes get really weird audio. Listen to this one. >> Say KDS in the MC. >> Okay. So, it'll widen Ted. >> Yeah, I was being said there and there was no audio that was supposed to go into that video. So, one thing I will say with Elements, really cool technology, but I think it's still in its infancy and I would start small with adding elements. Don't overload a ton and expect it to work right away. And the other issue I want to call out is sort of the speed, right? Cling 3.0 is amazing. It's definitely the best model on the market and it's actually relatively cheap, but it's actual speed, especially compared to stuff like VO 3.1 Fast is lacking. So, that is something else you need to consider, especially if you're someone who's making rather large videos and you expect to do iteration after iteration after iteration. But even with those downsides, I really can't say enough about cleaning 3.0. And honestly, where it really excels is where you kind of just let it go wild with no starting images, no elements, and you just kind of just let it work in its natural environment. I want to show you these two videos. It was prompt only. And really take a look at, I think, some of the emotion and sort of the facial expressions that the characters are making here. And also take a look at the text. This better be good. Do you even know what this is about? [snorts] So, neither of those videos were some insane dynamic thing, but the quality and I think really sort of the micro facial expressions are just something you can't you just don't see in these other models, let alone models of 6 months ago or 12 months ago, right? When you take a step back and look at where we've come from, it's pretty mind-blowing. So, that's where I'm going to end it today, guys. Definitely check out the prompting guide inside of my school and take a look at Shot Deck, that website I showed you earlier. I think they're two great resources that will really upgrade your Cling 3.0 game. So, as always, make sure to let me know what you thought about this in the comments, and I'll see you

=== Claude Code's New Secret Feature is Insane ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHnLU404fto

Anthropic buried the lead because while everyone's been freaking out about Opus 4.6 benchmarks, they quietly released a new experimental feature inside of Cloud Code, agent teams. And after spending the last few days testing it, I believe they've laid the foundation for something really exciting. And that's because agent teams aren't just your typical sub agents that happen to be working in parallel. These agents are a step above that. They coordinate with one another. They talk with one another. They have a team lead. And essentially, they act as a real dev shop. And that allows you to build more complex projects with the confidence that they're actually going to work. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how agent teams work, how to set it up yourself, and I'm going to run you through multiple real world examples of agent teams in action. So, with that, let's jump into it. So, we're actually going to work backwards in this video, and we're going to start with the output that Cloud Code was able to give us using Asian Teams. That is what we're looking at right here. It was able to oneshot this dashboard, this internal dashboard for an AI agency. But this dashboard is more than just, you know, a bunch of bar graphs. It was actually six separate modules. It put together using six team members and they all did their individual part, tied it all together, and produced this coherent app. So obviously, we have our dashboard that we're seeing here. We have an entire client page that includes status and retainers. I can click inside the client, get more information. I have a projects page, which is a whole cananban board. I can click in there, right? I can do subtask. I can see time entries. I can go to the time entries page. I can have team members add how long they've been working on specific stuff. We have invoices tied to the time page and a settings module. That's actually quite a bit, right? And if we look at the prompt I gave it, right? A lot going on here, right? So, but the cool thing here isn't necessarily that it oneshotted it, which is pretty awesome. It's the fact that it was able to spin up six sub aents in parallel that are able to talk to one another that are able to execute individual parts of this larger app hole and put them all together all on their own. That's pretty sweet. And again, this is a fairly complex thing to oneshot, right? All these different modules, all these things that need to come together. So, that's what we're working with. How do we actually get to here? And we'll come back to this and I'll show you what it looked like at the end when I didn't use agent teams and what the difference is. I think that'll be kind of surprising too. But I just wanted to show you this up front cuz I thought this was super cool. I was able to do all these things at once. But now let's actually explain what the heck agent teams are and how they differ from this normal sub agent system we've been using now for several months. So we saw the final output. What's going on under the hood here? Well, first of all, let's talk about what happens normally. So normally we have you and you have cloud code, right? And this is normally where most people just sit just in this little relationship. But sometimes we want to use sub aents, right? Let's imagine I'm creating a project and I want that project to have a sub agent that works on the user interface that works on the back end and then I have one specifically for let's say databases, right? So UI backend databases, right? When I spin up those sub aents in a normal context, what happens? Well, they go off and they kind of do their own thing. They don't talk to one another, right? The UI sub agent is never going to talk with the database agent. Now, they'll go and talk with this main guy up here and feed information back, but essentially think of them as like freelancers, as mercenaries, right? You hire them on to do one specific tasks. They go out and they do that task and then they come back and say, "Hey, it worked. It didn't." Right? Very much siloed. Now, let's compare that with agent teams and let's have kind of the same dynamic, right? I need one. I need to do the UI. I need to do the back end and I need to also do databases. Well, what's different here? Well, what's different? When I spin up an agent team, it's not only going to have these like sub aents that are doing those things, it's also going to create a team lead, right? We now essentially have a middle manager in the loop. And so these sub aents, right, these team members will talk to and report to this team lead who coordinates everything and make sure everything makes sense in the greater hole. But it goes a little bit deeper than that because these sub aents can actually talk to one another. So database can talk to backend, backend can talk to UI, UI can talk to database, so on and so forth. And so you actually have sort of a real team dynamic here where you have all these individual sessions of cloud code that have been spun up, but they can talk to one another. And what that means is we can actually work on much more complex projects and expect better outcomes versus the typical sub aent system which is much more attuned for like one-off tasks, right? Things that can be done in a vacuum, right? I just need to send this guy off over here to the ether to do this one task and do it well and come back to me. So that big picture is how these things compare and the differences, right? Big difference. teams can talk to one another. We have a coordinating team leader. These we're just off on our own. We're doing our own thing, right? Also trade-offs. We need to think about this system, right? This is better again for smaller tasks and it's also going to take less tokens because this agent teams dynamic obviously with all this interplay that just eats up tokens. Now, luckily for us, Anthropic gives us some guidance on where team sort of excels, right? And there's four big places. This again comes direct from their documentation. and I'll put a link to it down below. So, teams excels in research and review, new modules or features, debugging with competing hypotheses, and cross-layer coordination. Now, Enthropic also gave us this golden nugget where it compares agent teams versus sub aents in a little more depth, right? In terms of context, communication, coordination, what they're best for, and token costs. And this sort of just summarizes everything I've been saying. Now, let's talk about actually enabling agent teams because they are disabled by default. This is an experimental feature that they will probably continue to build upon. You need to go into settings.json and change this environment variable to one. So, here it is. If that's too confusing, which it probably is, or you're just lazy like me, all you need to do is go to the link to the documentation, hit copy page, drop it into cloud code, and say, "Hey, I want you to enable agent teams." It will do it on its own. And then you just need to restart the cloud code session, and you're ready to go. Now, one last thing before we get out of the documentation. Let's talk about starting your agent team. So you went inside of cloud code, you told it, hey, change the variable, it's ready to go. To actually have it use agent teams, you have to explicitly tell it. So they give an example here and it says create an agent team to do blah blah blah. One teammate here, one teammate there. You need to use that verbiage or something very close to it of create an agent team because it won't do it automatically, right? You really need to prompt it. That's its trigger. So now we're inside of Cloud Code and we're going to do a quick demo of how to spin up the agent teams and what it's going to look like for you. And then we'll do the side to side comparisons of the projects I did where I use agent teams and when I just use the normal cloud code setup with your standard sub aents. So here's the prompt. I'm designing a CLI tool that helps devs track to-do comments across their codebase. Create an agent team to explore this from different angles. One teammate on UX, one on tech architecture, one playing devil's advocate. So I said create an agent team, right? I use that specific verbiage and then I spelled out what each teammate should do. Now, if you don't know what each teammate should do, that's okay. Just put this in plan mode and say, "Hey, help me out. How should we divide up this task for an agent team?" And now Cloud Co's telling us, "Hey, we have all three agents running in parallel." Tells their name, UX, researcher, architect, advocate. Gives us their role and their exact focus. And you can see here when it goes through the tasks of what it's doing, you can see which specific teammate was assigned that. So we can see analyze UX is to the UX researcher, right? We can see down here also you can see all of your different um teammates. And if I do shift up arrow, I can actually see what they're doing. You can even send messages to the specific teammate. So if I do at@ ux researcher right I now am giving a prompt to that specific teammate right so I could say hey make sure there is a settings page or something like that right so you actually have the ability to interact with these teammates it's not a complete black box and this is the terminal when I was doing my dashboard project the one you saw at the beginning you can see the same sort of pattern right specific task given to specific teammates means I have my all my teammates listed down here below. And at any time again, I just do shift. I just do the up arrow. I can see what they're doing and I can actually send them messages. That's how the teams essentially UI should look to you as the user. It's pretty transparent. And also note for this large project that it did one shot right at this point in time it was 23 minutes in. I think overall took about 30 minutes. And you can see we're sitting at 330,000 tokens. So you know when you use teams you can have large token costs. So, I think this is definitely someone who is on some version of the Max plan. So, now that you understand what agent teams are and how to get it spun up inside of the terminal, let's actually do some sidebyside comparisons of the actual outputs. Is Teams really putting us a step above what we would normally get. So, for the first project, I had Claude Code create an AI powered proposal generator. The idea was you talk with a client, you get some information, you throw it all into here and it generates a pretty nifty proposal, something they could actually present to a client. And to make it easier, I will actually just turn off my camera from now. You can just hear me as a disembodied voice. So on the left, we have agent teams. On the right, we have just your standard Claude. Left teams, right is standard. Right off the bat, pretty similar. These were both oneshots. I didn't do any like crazy thing. They essentially had the exact same prompts minus the teams one saying, "Hey, do teams. Here's what the teammate should look like." So overall, first impressions pretty similar. A little bit more polish on the teams, right? This UI does look a little bit better. Now, as we click through and we look at the generate proposal section, again, just a little bit more polish with this one on the left. And this wasn't a particularly difficult app. This wasn't a huge ask. But the biggest differences is less about the functionality and I think more about the UI. And when we look at the actual summary that's produced, again, very similar, right? I can't really say there's a huge difference between the two. If anything, the one on the left, the ROI projections for the team one looks way worse than the one on the right. So, the outcomes in this instance, a pretty simple ask, were virtually the same, right? So, I decided to step it up a notch, which is where I did the dashboard prompt, the one we saw earlier, the one that had six modules and actually had quite a bit going on. And here's the two side by side again. So on the left, the teams on the right, no teams, just your standard thing. And again, what's the big difference here? I think UI polish, to be honest, spoiler alert, I think UI polish is the biggest thing here. Although you do start to see the Teams version, again, the one on the left, pull away a bit, I think, as you add more complexity, you know. Um, so we can go to projects. Camber and board looks good for both. Although I do really like how this one looks on the left. We have our time sheets. Again, this just looks a lot better. On the left and even though we can kind of just handwave the UI stuff away to a point for anyone who's worked on these apps, the UI isn't a trivial task at all. So, I will say the teams I think did a lot better on this internal dashboard in comparison to the normal version vice the first example. But again, is it necessarily a huge mind-blowing difference? Not necessarily. And to be honest, I think that speaks more to the power of Opus 4.6 than anything. What I would really like to do would be to give it even something greater to test. um like a truly complex SAS project project, right? Um and I think that's probably going to be essentially part two of Asian teams in action that I would like to explore, but I still was impressed with what it was able to do. I mean, Opus 4.6 as well. I think if I had Opus 4.5 try to oneshot this, I don't think it would have looked nearly as good and still did a really solid job across the board. And in terms of the token difference, yeah, teams was more. I get a little more polish. Um, but it wasn't like a massive token difference that you would expect, but again, it varies, right? Because one agent team could have 20 teammates, one could have two. So, it also helps to know what we're actually dealing with. So, that's agent teams in a nutshell, guys. I think it's super cool, especially when you start comparing these new features with a lot of the cloud code frameworks we've seen coming out lately, things like GSD, right? you start to see a lot of the principles from those, right? Sub agents, fresh context windows, and now we're doing sort of sub aent to sub aent communication. Really great stuff. And I think kind of being on the bleeding edge of cloud code and instances like this is really important if you're trying to build complex applications. So, as always, let me know in the comments what you thought. Make sure to check out all my resources in my school communities down there pinned in the comments. The free one, tons of free stuff. The paid one is more if you're someone who's serious about this AI stuff and is trying to figure out how can I actually turn this into a business and make money with it. So again, let me know what you thought.

=== Stealing $10K Website Designs with Claude Code ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaO6ujcx6TY

If you've been trying to build websites with top tier AI tools like Claude Code or anti-gravity, chances are they're still coming out looking like this. Templated, clearly AI, and lacking any sort of premium unique feel. And no matter what prompt or skill you invoke, you still get stuck in this AI slop trap. But here's the thing, the prompt isn't the problem. The real problem is we aren't giving it context in the right manner. So to solve that problem, I'm going to give you my four-step framework for creating high-end premium quality websites using tools like Claude Code every single time. This requires zero design skill, zero technical experience, and we're going to knock it out in under 30 minutes. So let's strap in and get started. So, what is the secret for creating these premium animated web pages using AI? How do we get these super cool motion graphics? How do we do the glass morphism? How do we ultimately create something that looks like it was actually generated by a web developer instead of Claude? Well, the secret isn't a prompt. The secret is simply a four-step process. And that four-step process is really simple. Step one is inspiration. We need to go out there and we need to find web pages we actually like. and essentially copy them. Step two is going to be build, right? We're going to take our inspiration, we're going to bring it to Claude Code and we're going to have it actually start generating some assets for us. Step three is refine. That's where we're going to take the template we've built and we're going to give it our voice, our brand, our messaging, and we're going to get detailed in terms of how it actually looks with all the little bells and whistles. That's where we're going to use things like 21st.dev to actually customize the components that we're going to use. And step four is deployment. How do we actually get this thing out on the internet so people can use it? And that's the framework we're going to cover. Inspiration, build, refine, deploy. And by following these four steps, you can essentially create any website you like. So step number one is inspiration. This is where we're going to go out into the wild and find a premium website whose style, whose vibe we essentially want to emulate. And we're going to do two things once we do that. One, we're going to take a bunch of screenshots. and two, we're going to grab his HTML code and we're going to take all that and we're going to bring it to our agent coder of choice. Now, you may already know what website you kind of want to copy, but if you don't, here's three great resources to find things. The first one is Dribble, and that's where we're at right now. It essentially just has a whole bunch of web design stuff that you can search through up top. Right now, we're looking at landing page SAS. So, if I find one I like, I can click on it. I can kind of see all the assets, right? It's great. Another one is godly.ebsite. And again, I'll have links to all these inside of the school, the free one, links in the comment, and it's just an infinite scrolling page where again we can look at websites. I can just click on it. I can visit the website, right? Easy enough. Number three is awards.com with three W's. Again, another cool place to kind of see what people on sort of the bleeding edge of web design are doing. Now, for today's video, I essentially want to create something that looks like this, which is openands.dev. I think their website's really cool. They got an interesting color palette. The background's really neat with like the scrolling code almost that reacts to your mouse. Overall, I like the design. And we're essentially going to be creating a web page for our SAS product, right? So, what do we need to do? Like I said, two things. One, I'm going to take a bunch of screenshots of the landing page. And then two, I'm going to grab all the HTML code. Now, how do we do that? Super easy. Either hit F12 or rightclick and hit inspect. And then we have all this scary stuff over here on the right side. What you want to go to is elements up top. We want to go to styles right here. And then I'm just going to copy this entire thing. And I'm ready to go. That's pretty much it for step one in terms of inspiration. This is our idea, our version of grabbing context. So when we show up to Claude Code or anti-gravity or whatever, I'm not just saying, "Oh, I want a cool website that's sleek and modern and minimal." and try to articulate it with words. No, we're using words plus picture plus code, which turns out is way easier for the AI to actually act upon. So now it's time for step two, which is the build phase. And I'm inside a cloud code. And again, it doesn't have to be cloud code. It can be any agent coding agent. And the prompt I gave it is pretty simple. I said, I want to create a React/vite project and copy this web page. The following are screenshots of the page as well as the HTML code. I want a pixel perfect replication. Here's the URL. Gave it the URL, gave it the screenshots, and then pasted the HTML code. Now, we're just going to let it go to work. So, as this is building, let's talk about the next steps. Because while I'm creating a clone right now, obviously, I don't want to be open hands. The idea is we are going to get a template that we've built that is as close to this as humanly possible. And once we have something that is essentially a 99% solution, then we're going to add our own messaging, assets, colors, whatever. The idea is we just want to get that base as close as possible first because it's much easier to have something that looks good like this and then tweak it than to start with nothing and try to prompt our way into this, right? How do you actually articulate all these things? It's actually kind of difficult. But again, with all this context that we fed it, the screenshots, the code, and the website itself, it's going to be able to do a pretty good job. So, Cloud Code just finished creating the copy of the web page, if it doesn't give you a local host to look at. Tell it to create a dev server so you can take a look. It's going to give you a link. Just follow that and it will open up your browser. So, on the left, we have the version Claude came up with. And on the right, we have the original. So, right away, the colors look pretty similar, but we notice there's a few things that are off. like we don't have this really cool background that we got from the original open hands that we can see on the right. You know, you can obviously it has motion to it and it changes based on our cursor position. Also stuff that are different are kind of the buttons for the trusted by engineers. Ours is ours is scrolling. Theirs is just static but other than that it's essentially I would say as we go through this essentially like an 80% solution. We can also see that some of the assets are different. Like we used more generic ones on this portion and they had probably their own custom assets over here on the right. But overall, right, pretty close. Like I would honestly be okay with this because from here I can start making changes I want to make to the background for example because I don't want to copy their background exact exactly. I'm going to want to put my own flare to it. Same thing with the buttons I'm going to want to adjust. I just wanted it in terms of the general form and the colors and the templated style, right? This is good enough for me to work off of. And again, how long would it have taken to essentially recreate this if we were just doing prompt after prompt after prompt? We basically oneshot this, which is great. Now, if there are significant differences that you want changed right away, go ahead and do that. Alls you would do is you would take screenshots of the main page or you can just prompt it using words and say, "Hey, can we change the buttons? Hey, can we mess with the background right now?" Right? It's that simple. Just get it to a place through prompting until you're ready to start adding your own messaging to it. And so now we can move on to step three, which is the refining stage. And this is where we're going to spend most of our time. Now, the first thing I like to do really is to start adding my own messaging. So, what I'm going to do is I just open up voice on cloud and I'm just going to give it a stream of conscious explaining essentially what my SAS product is, what the general theme is, the general messaging, and then I'm going to tell it apply this to the web page we just created, right? Change their verbiage into mine, but keep the template the same. And so, that's exactly what you see right here in this wallet text. Essentially what I said was for our product that we want to create the landing page for. It's for a SAS product that we're going to call Argus and it's a essentially intelligence agent for content creators. What it does is it scrapes the web, scrapes Twitter, YouTube, Instagram to find trending topics in their niche and then come up with scripts in their voice based on that trending information. Right? So it's a tool for content creators. It's a SAS product. And so that's all I said to it. I was like, "Hey, I want to replace the messaging." And then I said, "What questions do you have for me to be able to input this?" And we'll see what it comes back with. And what I expect is it should have some questions, for example, when it comes to right this, right? This is a code output thing over here on the left. And we'll just full screen this, right? Probably doesn't fit for our particular SAS product, right? Obviously, it's going to need to change some of these things like why people choose Argus instead of open hands. Same thing with this, right? We're now tailoring it to our product, right? So, first it's asking about colors. We will stick with the current one for now and we'll change that later. What is our target audience? We're going to do all content creators. What's the primary call to action? We want them to start a free trial. Brand tone, we're going to go for bold and energetic. And then we're going to submit that. So, Claude told us it changed the messaging. And if we look at our page now, you can see it's totally different, right? It says Argus instead of open hands. It changed the hero text. Right? Now, it says start free trial. We don't have companies. Now we have platforms and everything's related to our content creation tool. Yet at the same time we've maintained the same design template which is what we want. And so now moving forward our job is to continue to iterate and refine this till we get it to a place that we're happy and we can go as deep with this as we want to. And so this is where I now want to show you how to use these websites like 21st.dev dev to actually start adding really cool stuff that otherwise would be kind of difficult to prompt your way into. And to start, let's do something about this really boring background. And this is where we can start using really cool tools like 21st.dev or code pen. These are essentially repositories with a bunch of different components for web design. So, for example, we talked about backgrounds. I can go to the section over here on the left on 21st. and see a bunch of different cool backgrounds that we can easily implement into our project. For example, these background paths. These should look familiar to you from earlier, right? I can essentially just click this button where it says copy prompt, bring that prompt to claude code, and it's going to implement this for me. And it's also really customizable once it's inside there because it's just code, right? I can change how fast these move. I can change the opacity, the color, anything I want. And that doesn't apply to just backgrounds. That applies to all sorts of UI components. So things like buttons, right? Things like carousels, right? Or things like cards. So anything that you can mess around inside of your web page, there's probably something on 21st. Or CodePen, which works in a similar fashion that you can take a look at. And if you're not someone, if you're someone who doesn't come from a web design background like me, this is huge because you kind of just don't know what you don't know, but once you see it, you know it, right? Right? And this makes it really easy to implement instead of being like, uh, Claude, do something where like these things look like this and there's highlights, right? That's going to be a tough cell for Claude code to actually get you an output you want. So, let's go back to backgrounds because that's what we talked about. So, like we saw in the intro, let's check out the background paths one. Now, obviously, this is in sort of like a dark mode, but let's try to implement this for our current web page with sort of that current color scheme we got. So, I'm just going to copy prompt. And I just said, can we implement this as our background with a color scheme that makes sense? And I pasted it in there. And again, what am I pasting in there? What came from that copy prompt? Well, it's just a bunch of code, right? That's all it is. So, we can see here it added that component from 21st.dev pretty easily. And now I can just continue to adjust it as I like. As we can see, it's only in the hero. But let's say I wanted that going across the entire background, no matter how far I scrolled. Let's say I also wanted to kind of give these cards like a glass morphism effect so I could see the lines going through the back. Well, let's try that out. So, I gave it a prompt to do exactly that and it knocked it out of the park, right? We see that animation in the background going through the entire page. Now, right away, I'm starting to realize I hate this section. I hate how it looks. I want to change this. And also, I don't like how these cards look either. I feel like we could definitely give it some more pop, whatever that means. And this essentially becomes your workflow, right? Make a change, see how it works. go back into 21st.dev, see if there's anything that speaks to you, bring it to the AI, repeat, repeat, repeat, iterate, iterate, iterate. That's pretty much it. And what you get to the end of that iteration cycle is this, right? You can see sort of the bones of that openands.dev webpage we originally cloned, but you can also see a bunch of different 21st. Components that we added to the mix, right? There's our lines in the background, but we kind of toned down the opacity we first saw, and we added a little bit of color. We changed what the cards looked like and we got rid of sort of the double feature we had before. Right? We added some weight to the buttons and even has a little bit of a pop and sort of that shine. Right? This is the process by which you create highquality web pages with AI which then brings us onto our fourth and final step which is deployment. How do I actually get this thing out there on the web? And deployment is a two-step process. First, we're going to create a GitHub repo which is where we're going to push our code. Don't worry, AI can do that for you. And secondly, we're going to create a Verscell account. Verscell will be connected to GitHub. We'll sign up with our GitHub account. And from there, we connect our GitHub project and it will automatically push it to the internet. It's going to give us a URL and everything so people can actually visit it. So, to use GitHub, very simple and very free. We're just going to go to github.com and create a new repository. Go ahead and give it a name. Doesn't really matter. And then you're going to go to create repository. You're then just going to copy the URL of your repository. Should be something like github.com/your username/the project name. You're then going to hop back into cloud code and just say, "Hey, push this code to this repo and paste the URL." Now, if you've never connected your GitHub credentials to Cloud Code before or your whatever Genta coder you're using, that's okay. It will walk you through the process of how to do that. It takes like 30 seconds. As that's happening, I want you to go to versell.com, create an account, and sign up using your GitHub credentials. Then going to head to the project section. Go to add new project and then you should have the git repository populate right here. Right, you see YouTube demo. I'm just going to hit import and it's going to import the project for me. You'll get to this page and you're just going to hit deploy and then the deployment will begin. If you run into any errors for whatever reason, just copy paste the errors it gives you back into AI and it will fix it for you. No problem. Once it's successful, you'll see a page like this and it will give you a domain. If you have your own custom domain, you can add that very simply as well. You just follow the domain and it will take you to your web page. That's how easy deployment is. So, that's where I'm going to leave you guys for today. Hopefully, this video was able to illuminate the four-step process for creating premium looking websites with AI. And remember, first step, inspiration. Go out there, find a web page you like, and take screenshots and grab the code. Step two, we head to our coder of choice and tell it to essentially replicate that web page we found. And then we move on to really the meat and potatoes, which is step three, where we refine, refine, refine, we add our messaging, we add our custom components, and we get it looking exactly how we want it to. And lastly, we head to GitHub and Verscell to deploy this thing. So, as always, let me know what you thought in the comments. Make sure to check out the school communities down there in the pinned comment. The free one has tons of free resources. The paid one is for those of you who are a little more serious and are looking to essentially make money with AI, whatever that looks like for you. And as always, I'll see you guys

=== Why I Stopped Building AI Workflows (And Made 10x More) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fid7L55AwV0

The era of just building NADN workflows is over. If you're still spending 100% of your time in an NAND canvas building automations in a vacuum, then you're leaving both functionality and money on the table. Because here's the reality. You know that custom NAD automation you created for a client and sold for 23 $4,000? If you instead transformed that into an AI system, aka gave it a front end, changed the way the user interacts with it and added some additional features on top of that NAN base, well, you could easily charge double. But it's not just about charging more. When we step outside of the Naden canvas and begin to enter the world of tools like Clawude Code, we can add way more functionality to these automations and agents we've built inside of NAND. And by doing so, you begin to build custom software and no longer are stuck being a one-trick pony tying nodes together. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my process for turning your Nin workflows into full AI systems, the questions you need to ask, the architecture you should be shooting for, and a complete build. So, the ultimate goal of today's video is to give you a framework from which you can take any NAND automation and turn it into a fullblown AI system. And when I say AI system, what I'm really saying is I'm going to show you how to take that automation in agent and turn it into a SAS product using claude code. Now, don't get me wrong, I still love NAN, but Naden is simply a tool and it's a tool with certain strengths and certain weaknesses. But luckily for us, the weaknesses of NADN are actually strengths for aentic coders like Claude code. So if we hope to become more mature AI developers, it is important that we understand how to use these two tools together in order to create better products. So for our example today, we have this particular NAND automation and I'll explain quickly how it works. So, the general idea is that it's going to scrape the web, particularly social media, to see what's trending in our niche in the last 24 hours, and then generate ideas that can be used to create LinkedIn posts. So, it scrapes YouTube, gets all the data, it scrapes X, looking for specific keywords that also fit certain like thresholds, and it has a catch-all with perplexity. It sends all this data to AI which then synthesizes it all and says, "Hey, here's five potential ideas for LinkedIn posts based on this trending stuff." Easy enough. Now, this is actually based on some client work I did. It was actually for Twitter instead, but in this case, we're using LinkedIn. And the idea was they wanted something similar, but I couldn't just hand them this workflow, right? Because they wanted to have a little more hands-on interaction with it, right? They didn't want it to just generate posts for them. They wanted to see the post it would generate, choose the one they liked, and then also edit it in some sort of interface, right? That's kind of difficult to do inside of NAN. Yet, that's exactly what I'm going to show you how to do here because what do you see here? Same exact thing. Over the last 24 hours, it searched trending AI topics. It gave us these five, right? Okay. Here's five ideas. Do I want it to generate an article? If I want to generate an article, I just click on it. I then go to view and you can see it generated an article about clawed code and reotion. Okay, you've probably seen some videos about that lately. And so it comes up with this article, but that's not enough, right? I want to be able to edit this thing. So it has some presets, right? Make it more professional, more casual, more authorative. You know, actually, I want it shorter. I want it longer, stronger hook, whatever. I can even give it specific edits with this AI assistant. And it has a version history. So, we've added a ton of functionality and ease of use for someone who wants that base and an automation but packaged a little differently. And you can also imagine, hey, what this is worth to someone and what this is worth to someone are two different things cuz truthfully, again, kind of putting on on our AI agency hat, nobody cares about this, right? No clients care about what's going on in the background. They care about the finished product. and the better you can make this look and the easier it is for them to use it, the more effective like you can charge a lot more because again no one cares about the back end who isn't technical. So that's what I'm going to show you how to do and the first thing we need to talk about is what sort of questions and what sort of things do you need to be thinking about as we transition from workflow to AI system. So you have your edit in workflow and we want to use cloud code to build this wrapper around it to turn it into a true product. Well, there's a few things we have to ask and we're going to cover five of them right now. And let's first talk about why it's important to even have these conversations at all. Because the truth is, if you have a simple automation and you're just putting a simple front end on it, cloud code can do it just fine. Even if you were blind, deaf, and dumb, right? It's intelligent enough to figure that out. However, in order for us to not become a caricature of a Vive coder, it's important we understand how this process works. You don't need to know the code. You don't ever need to write a single line of code and understand how Python syntax works or TypeScript works. We really don't, right? That's just the truth of the matter these days. But you do need to understand how these building blocks all come together to create it because as good as cloud code is, it isn't perfect. And more importantly, as you move on to more complicated projects with more complicated automations making up the foundation of the functionality, well, if you have no clue how anything is working, what's the point of you even being there? And it's also just not going to work, right? Because as good as cloud code is, it's not perfect. and you do still need to guide it in certain directions, but if you don't even know, you know, how to go from A to B, let alone what A and B even are, you got no shot when it comes down to it, and you're just wasting money. So, these conversations are important. And the first thing we need to think about as we make this transition from any automation to AI system is sort of obvious, what are the functionality changes, right? what's going to change as we move from, you know, this JSON file over here to what we want to do, you know, in an interface. So, the original incantation of this incarnation of this was it just created the LinkedIn post for you, right? It just sent it to your email. That's not good enough. Now, what are the changes we wanted? Well, we don't just want the post right away. We want five topics to choose from. Okay, that's going to be different. So, the data that comes out there needs to be different. Well, what's going to happen when they see the five topics? Well, I want to be able to choose wrong one and then I want the page to come up with the post. All right, is that good enough? No. I also want to be able to have the presets and I want to be able to edit it and I want version changes. Okay, that's sort of the the functionality difference. That's sort of the flow that the user is going to go through for our particular thing. Those are things you need to know. Okay, that being said, cloud code will help walk you through that. Now, the second thing you need to be thinking about is data. Now, this is really important and sometimes not super obvious. First of all, from the NN side, how is data getting into this automation and how is it going out and what sort of starts that process? This used to originally be a scheduling trigger, right? It would just run every single morning. Well, the user actually wanted it to be on demand. So, that changes how data is coming, right? So, how's that process going to work? What data is and then what data is coming on the backside? Right? Remember I said before it used to be the full-blown LinkedIn post. Now that data just needs to be the five topics. Also, what form is that data coming in, right? Is it going to be a markdown down file? Is it going to be JSON? Like what does the data look like? Furthermore, kind of easier to see when you see the finished product. But hey, remember how we said we wanted like version history of what we're doing right down here. Well, if I want version history, where does that data where where do those versions live? Right? Do I want to be able to save these posts? Do I want some sort of database to hold all this information? What will that database look like? Again, these are things you need to be thinking about. Then we're going to want to sort of talk about UI and UX, user interface and user experience. Now, the nice thing about the UIUX conversation is it is largely a function of a the functionality changes and b the data, right? The user flow, how we think this person will actually interact with our product should dictate where buttons are, what it looks like, what sort of the pages, what what is the user journey, right? Now, in terms of purely aesthetics, right, what do I want my web page to look like? In this case, I said, hey, just use like an anthropic clawed aesthetic. There can be a whole conversation about that. Two big things I'll say when it comes to the aesthetic of your design is a give it examples, right? Screenshots, HTML code if you have it. B, make sure to tell it to use the front-end design tool, which is very simple. Just do slash plugins, and I'll show you later. Now, what is the fourth thing we should have in our mind? Well, that's testing. How are we going to test this guy, right? Because testing a web app and testing an end automation, two different things entirely. Namely, when I'm building this and I'm just on local host in a local environment, how is it interacting with things out on the web? Right? If I need it to go talk with OpenAI and use their API, like, can I do that? What if I need some sort of outside web source to talk to me first? Some sort of web hook situation. Do I need some sort of tunneling service? Do I need Enro? Do you have any idea what Enro even is? It's okay if you don't. But again, these are things you should be thinking about. And on topic, I would tell you this is something that cloud code still screws up all the time. So again, you should just know these things going in. You don't need the answers. Lastly, deployment. Where's the code going to live? How are we actually going to put this up on the internet? How what's going to happen if I need to make changes to the code? How does that update flow work? Also, NAN. How am I going to deploy NADN? Hint, it's actually really easy, especially if you're doing it for clients. I'll show you why I love using Hostinger, right? That'll just be a real quick aside, but this is also an answer you need. Again, it's different for web apps than Naden. Lastly, cuz someone in the comments will say it, this is not exhaustive, right? Of course, we want to think about things like security, right? Maybe you even want to think about things like payment. But at a bare minimum, this is where your mind should be. And I think these are the things that people tend to just miss when it's their first time. So now that I got you spooked and feeling like you have no clue what the heck is going on, let's actually dive inside of Claude Code and I will show you that this isn't as scary as you think. So the flow here is actually pretty simple. Just open up Cloud Code, create a new folder, drop the JSON of your NEN workflow in there, and then hop into plan mode. From here, again, make sure you're on plan mode. You're just going to have a conversation with Claude Code stating, "This is what the workflow looks like right now. By the way, take a look at it." And then B, here's what I'm thinking for the AI system version of it, for the SAS product version of it. Right? This is what I'm thinking of the user journey. here's what I think the first page should look like. You're kind of just going to brain dump. At this point, I literally just put on my microphone and I literally just give it a stream of consciousness. And then I continue with this back and forth. There's no special prompt you need, right? If you take in those five things we talked about in your mind, if you kind of like take those on board and mention those, that's great, too. But really, you're just going to sit in plan mode and have a back and forth till you are satisfied that you think Claude Code and you are on the same page. Now, you know, I'm a huge fan of GSD. I'll link a video above where I essentially do this exact same thing step by step inside of GSD, but it isn't necessary, right? You can do this totally on just raw clawed code. The biggest thing is that you sit here and you plan plan. Don't just let it go off and go to the races before you've had these conversations. Now, another important thing you want to keep in mind is the JSON file itself. because the end workflow you start with at the beginning of this journey and the one you end with, the one that will be working with the web app are going to be two different things. It's going to have to have some changes. Now, Cloud Code for the most part has gotten to the point where, especially with Opus 4.5, it's really good. If you give it the JSON like I told you to do, it can edit the JSON file here. You can just copy the whole thing, head inside of Naden, and you can literally just like paste in the new one, right? You just control V and it's there. Okay, that's probably the easiest way to do it. There are other ways, right? We could use the NAND MCP server. I'll link a video above where I show you how to do that, but just know there are some trade-offs of using the NAND MCP server. Super powerful. It will probably give you a better result. However, the MCP server is extremely heavy. If we look at our context window, you know, it's going to be taking an additional 30k tokens. Okay. So, while it can you know have more context of what right looks like it is heavy and also if your workflow is very complicated like extremely long I mean this one is you know almost 800 lines of code I think if it goes much further than that the end MCP server can't actually go into your instance and edit it if the file is too big. So you would still have to do this copy paste thing. So just know that going in. So once you've had this discussion inside the plan phase, you're happy with the direction it thinks it's going to go, you can go ahead and let it start creating the code. So at this point, your journey is going to diverge depending on what it is you're trying to build. So let's take some time to talk about common pitfalls that I think anyone new to the space will encounter, no matter what it is they're actually creating here. And the first one is testing and sort of the local host dynamic. So I think this is easiest to explain visually. So local testing, what does that mean? Why do we do that? So we always want to test locally. We don't want to test in production. So when we are first building our app, it's going to be done on our computer. We're not going to take our half-finish app, give it a domain, put it on the web, and potentially expose, you know, error, bugridden code that people, potentially bad actors, can poke at. Furthermore, down the line, when our app is fleshed out and I want to make changes to it, well, I don't want to do that in production. and I don't want to take the entire app offline every time I'm testing something. So, we need a safe place where we can test. That's where the local development server comes in. This just means everything's essentially running on our computer. So, when Cloud Code tells you, hey, I spun up a dev server and you can check out your app on localhost 3000. What is it saying? Well, it's saying, hey, I built your app. It's on a computer. You can find it here at this address. That will take you to a browser. it's not on the internet yet we can still interact with things on the internet which is great again for testing. So that being said there are some like nuances with how we are able to take this thing on our computer and interact with and have things interact with us that are on the web. So, two situations. Situation number one, I have an NAND workflow that runs on a timer, and I want it to send me every single morning at 8 a.m. a content report about what's trending on social media to my web app that's on my local host. Okay, it starts here and it sends it here. Scenario number two, I want to add some sort of chatbot functionality to my app, right? I want to connect it to Open AI. So, I want to be able to send a request to OpenAI and then have it send me information back, right? My prompt, its response. Which one of these will actually work inside of a local host off the bat? The answer is number two. This will work and this one will not work. That's a problem because in many scenarios, we need both of these to work. We need to test both these things. So, first, why is it this way? Well, in this scenario, when I'm talking with OpenAI, I am sending information there first. It's like me going to OpenAI and having a letter that says, "Hey, I need you to do X, Y, and Z." And on that letter is my address. So, it knows where to go. Versus this scenario, I never sent it anything. This is essentially just a web hook out on the web that's being told to send information somewhere. Yet, if on my local host, it's not going to be able to find it. So, how do we solve this problem in a local testing scenario? Well, what we need is we need some sort of like tunneling system or IP forwarding system. So, I almost need like a temporary IP address that actually does live on the internet that points to my local host. This is where Enro comes in. Enro will supply you that temporary IP. So in scenarios where like our NADN automation that sends something every morning on its schedule, it instead sends it to this IP which then sends it to our local host. The great thing about this is Enro is basically free for all intents and purposes and it takes about 60 seconds to set up and cloud code knows exactly how to do that. However, this whole scenario is not obvious to someone who has never worked in this environment before and is not technical, which is why I took the time to show you this. So, you do need to know how this scenario works cuz I will promise you Cloud Code will screw this up. Cloud Code is smart, but for whatever reason, I don't know why it's always, at least for me, messing up when and when not to use Enro. Now, as for how to use it inside Cloud Code, just ask Cloud Code, walk me through setting up Enro. The first time takes 60 seconds and every time beyond that, it's literally as easy as like typing in nrok. So easy fix. Again, you just need to understand when and where this would come into play. And the other thing you have to keep in mind is once we do have our app in production and we've been testing with this IP like, hey, we told NADN, hey, always send it to this IP. Well, when we have a real domain and we're ready to do this for real, we would tell it, hey, use the real domain now. So, just understand there are some changes at the end you'd have to make. So, you're going to head to versell.com. When you create the account, make sure you link your GitHub account. It'll make it super easy. From there, you'll go onto this page, just your projects overview, and then you'll just hit add new project. It's then going to pull up a list of all the projects inside of your GitHub repository. Then you just click on your particular project. You're going to want to add your environment variables. So, your environment variables are in yourv file. This will not be in your GitHub. This will be in your actual project folder. So you see here on the left I have av and example the EMV the environments folder this holds all of your like secret keys like your open AI key maybe your database URL these are things you want to keep secret and obviously not expose anywhere but what you'll do and this is just an example one you just copy the entire page then you just go here and you just paste it in and it's automatically going to populate every single one of your keys and then from there you just hit deploy from there it's going to automatically deploy your project onto the web and it's even going to give you a domain. Now, this is just a free domain that Verscell gives you. You can update it with your own if you'd like. Now, if for whatever reason you run into errors with the deployment that sometimes happens, you'll just go to the build logs and will you'll just copy paste this into cloud code. Often times, it will show you the exact error message. So, don't be afraid or scared if for whatever reason it doesn't deploy on the first try. And from there, you now have your web app. you now have a true AI system built on the foundation you created in NADN. Now, for the second half of the deployment equation, let's talk about NAD hosting for a little bit cuz this is also something that trips people up, especially if we're talking about it from an AI agency perspective, right? How do I take my NAND automation that I built here and actually give it to a client? Well, in 30 seconds, the way you're going to do that is you would get them on a call and you would have them create their own Hostinger account and they're going to create their own self-hosted instance or you can do it in their name, right? The easiest way to do this I found is Hostinger. Um, I'll put a link to it down below as well as a 10% uh discount code if you happen to use it. Now, there's a few reasons why I always go with Hostinger for my client bills. The first is obviously the price. Like, it's just way cheaper, about four times cheaper than the cloud version. As for which one of these you should use, I suggest doing KVM2, right? It's a good in between when it comes to power and price. So, seven bucks a month if you do the animal and we're getting two CPU cores, 8 gigs of RAM, which is plenty for these client builds. On top of that, right, we're getting unlimited workflows, unlimited concurrent executions because we're on the community version versus the cloud version. We also are doing one-click nad deployments on Hostinger because really ease of use and price is what you really want to be pushing onto the client. Less technical you can make it, the better. But if you need to get more technical, you obviously have full route access with these deployments. You'll then hit this page. The biggest thing you need to decide is which sort of like NAND operating system you want. So there's normal NAN Q mode and 100 plus workflows. The 100 workflows one just comes with a bunch of like pre-built workflows. The Q mode is if you're doing like really really heavy NUS and you need a ton of parallel executions. And then normal NAN is just like your standard NN. For most people, this is just fine. especially if this is just for like a one-off client automation. Once you go through the payment process, it's going to spin up your server that easily and it's going to bring you to this page. If you want to actually go into NN, you'll just hit manage app. Now, I'm already logged into mine, but when you start yours for the first time, it will just ask for like name, email, all that basic account registration stuff. And then from there, you have a full NAD server ready to go. And then as for updating NADN, like you can go follow the links here. Really, really simple. You do it all in just a few steps. There's really no reason to be using the NAND cloud server when the self-host options exist. So, that's where I'm going to leave you. Hopefully, you're leaving this video with a solid framework of how to go from just basic workflows into full-blown AI systems. And most importantly, I hope you were able to sort of internalize some of the questions you need to be asking yourself throughout that process and what the general building blocks and stumbling blocks will be as you make that transition. Lastly, if you want the exact automation I showcased in this video, you can find that inside of my free school. There's a link to that down below, as well as 100 plus other NE automations and other Claude code guides. I also have the Chase AI plus community. That's for someone who's a bit more serious about AI entrepreneurship and is learning how to make money specifically in the AI agency space. And lastly, I'm also going to be running a webinar on the 31st that sort of goes through the AI agency process if that is something that interests you. There will also be a link down below for that. So, let me know in the comments what you thought.

=== Building AI Influencers Has Changed (Full Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao7-rtF18Eo

99% of AI influencers fail not only because they look fake, >> but because they sound fake as well. >> But today, I'm going to teach you how to create an AI influencer from scratch >> that not only looks the part, >> but can match any delivery, >> cadence, or energy you throw at it, >> giving you something that actually converts. And to do that, we are going to be combining the power of Higsfield's brand new AI influencer studio with 11 Labs. And the best part about this is it's super easy to do. So, what I'm going to be teaching you today is the pretty easy step-by-step process for how you can create AI avatars or AI influencers just like you saw in the opener that actually look real and that you can control both in terms of motion and control their audio. So, there's two tools we're going to be using to execute this. The first is the Higsfield AI Influencer Studio, which is where I am in right now. Now, you can head to Higsfield right now, sign up for a free trial, and they're giving away a ton of custom generations, so you can actually follow along without paying a penny. But for those of you who eventually pay, I will have a link down below, as well as a discount code. Second tool we're going to be using is going to be 11 Labs. And 11 Labs is what we are going to be using to handle the lip syncing, to handle the audio, so that it actually matches our voice and our cadence, but it isn't our actual voice. It matches our character. Well, that all comes down to prompting in certain visual cues. If I have an image that is just too perfect and it looks like studio lighting and everything looks like it came out of a magazine, that tends to scream AI versus if we give it prompts that say, "Hey, make this look like it was shot in an iPhone. Do certain lighting, add certain blemishes, right? Make it look more human." Well, you're going to be in a better spot. Now, the AI influencer setup, what you see here, the UI, they take you through essentially building your character. So, they have a whole bunch of presets over here, including non-human presets. So, if I want to create something new, I just hit create new here on the left. I can say I want a human. I can go down to gender, ethnicity, skin color, eye color. They even add certain like skin conditions like pigmentation or freckles, right? All these things that are trying to customize it. So, again, it doesn't just look like your average generic AI slop. But that being said, you can do better than simply using these built-in presets. They're a great place to start, but if we want true control, we need to understand how to prompt it. So, if I come up here to the top right, I can now enter my own prompt. And spoiler, what's going on under the hood with this AI influencer is we have Nano Banana Pro Nano Banana Pro creating the image and then that image is given motion using the new Cling 2.6 motion control. This is just a fancy way to make it easy to do it all in one spot. So, what should that prompt actually look like? Well, let's take a look at the prompt I used for this image. Now, this is the prompt, and it's obviously pretty detailed, but there's a couple things we can take from this and apply it elsewhere, right? First of all, in describing the hair, a few loose strands stuck to her temple with sweat, right? Adding some sort of like natural things you would see in a real photo that someone would take at the gym. We get very specific with the lighting. We emphasize ultra realistic skin texture, things like visible pores, active sweat beads, a natural shine. We speak to small moles on the neck, micro flyaways, right? We want to make sure this doesn't look perfect. We want it to be as if you were scrolling on Instagram and you saw this, you wouldn't think twice. And then at the end, we get really specific about sort of the camera. And this is really where you're going to make your money, right? A modern smartphone camera, 28 mm equivalent lens, medium framing, right? All this is pushing away from like super highdefinition 8K best camera ever, right? That's not what you want. Even though we say 8K here because we want it to be high fidelity, we still want it to look like it was taken on an iPhone, right? The closer you can get to authentic, the better your result. Now, you're probably asking, "How can I recreate that exact prompt with my particular influencer in mind?" Well, luckily for you, I made a custom GPT just for this. So, with this custom GPT, you just give it a vague idea of what you want to create, and then it's going to give you a prompt in that exact same style you just saw. Now, this prompt doesn't have to be super specific either. I just said, "Give me a prompt for a late 20s attractive woman. Have her sitting at a desk looking at the camera." Only thing I would suggest is have them looking at the camera, something we can get an actual good image because the video that's eventually created will be based on this image. So, we don't want a prompt where they're like looking away or something. So, here's the prompt it gave us. We're just going to copy this. We're going to head back here to the influencer studio. Go to create new. Going to go to prompt. Going to paste this in there and have it generate. So, here's the influencer it gave us. And honestly, pretty solid work. And if we really zoom into this image, we can see that like there's a ton of imperfections here like with her skin. I mean, it's just not perfect. It doesn't look glossy. Doesn't look plastic, right? We can actually see the visible pores. You can see some wrinkles, right? The hair, you know, it just looks natural. It looks authentic, which is really our northstar when it comes to this generation process. So now you have two options. You can either edit the image. If you click it down here, it will take you to Nano Banana Pro within Higsfield. You can continue to prompt it until you're satisfied. Or if you're ready to actually give it some motion and turn it into a true video. You just have to click the little try here button. So it's going to say free viral motion library. You can just hit explore more. So now we're inside the motion control section. Now, you've definitely seen videos with this over the last few weeks of someone talking at the bottom half of the screen and some AI, you know, video matching their exact movements. That's what this is, except now you see over here on the left, we've added our influencer. Now, we just add in a video. We just drop a video over here where my mouse is, and it's going to copy that video with the influencer, right? So, this has like a motion library of like all these ones you can copy. But, this isn't probably what you're going to want to use, right? You probably have two things you want to do. either a you have a video you've created of yourself that you want the influencer to essentially like take over or you have a video that's already out there somewhere that you again want to replace with your influencer. Both scenarios have essentially the same workflow and that's what we're going to talk about now. And so to demo that, hey, imagine I just wanted my influencer to copy this one, right? You can see this video is over here on the left. I have a few things I can mess with setting wise versus quality, right? Pretty obvious 720 versus 1080. There's then scene control mode. So that's asking where do you want the background to come from? So if I wanted the background to be from the video I dropped in, which is what you probably want, you're going to have the scene control mode to video, right? I don't necessarily want I want to take my AI influencer out of the picture. Then you have advanced settings where you can also add a prompt so you can kind of edit the video in place. So the example it says, hey, a corgi runs in. So you could have it copy the video and add more stuff. And then it also talks about orientation, right? Really, I would just stick with video for this part. You shouldn't have to play around with that. And then from there, you just hit generate, and it's going to create the video for you. But like I talked about in the beginning, we want to take this a step further and also add audio. So, what we're going to do now is we're going to take this influencer, who by now you should have recognized from the intro, and actually create the intro you saw. And the first thing we need to do is we need to edit the image. Because right now it's in vertical format, and obviously this YouTube video is widescreen. whatever format your image is in. Right? When you go into motion control, that's what the video is going to come out as. So if I was doing Tik Tok or Instagram, this would be fine. But obviously for a full screen thing on a computer like YouTube, you'll want the full image. So how do we do that? Very easy. Just hit edit in Nano Banana Pro. It's going to bring you to this prompt screen. You can see we have our image there. And I just say make image one 16x9. So down here, make sure I'm on the 16x9 setting. I have it set to 2K. And we're going to hit generate. Here's that image converted into 169. So, I'm just going to download it. I'm then going to head back to the motion control page over here on add your character. I'm going to add that image we just downloaded. And next, I'm going to add the first part of the intro of our video we just saw. So, what I essentially did is I had Cap Cut open. And then if we scroll in over here, right, this first part, this first like six seconds, I'm going to have it create recreate the first six seconds of this video right up here up top, but it's going to replace me with her. So, I took this clip, I exported it, and now I'm dropping it into the add motion to copy section. So, you can see my face over here. We'll do 1080p. And then saying, hey, choose where the background should come from, right? We want that to be from the video, right? because we want it to look like she's in my chair. And then we're not going to play around with any of the advanced settings. And I'm just going to hit generate. All right, let's see how the generation came out. Now, I'll turn the volume on for this one. And realize it's going to be using my voice. Naturally, cling motion control isn't going to replace the voice. It's just putting the new video in there. 99% of AI influencers fail, not only because they look fake, but because they sound fake as well. All right, on first pass, it seemed like it did a pretty good job of matching sort of the lip syncing and movement, but let's actually put it and stack it on top of the original video so we can see this. 99% of AI influencers fail, not only because they look fake, but because they sound fake as well. So, that's actually pretty close. Now, obviously, I'm not doing any crazy hand motions in this particular demo. If you want to see stuff like that, you can go into cling motion control, you know, inside of here and use the preset library, right? In the motion library, they have them spinning around. So, if you need proof of it can do that, you you can get that. But just what you saw there, like pretty good work. So, now that you've seen the image and video generation part of this equation in action instead of Higsfield, now let's move over to 11 Labs and I'll show you how to dial in that audio. So, you can do this on the free tier of 11 Labs as well, which is nice. So, what we're going to do is we're going to go to home. You're going to be inside the creative platform and you're going to go to voice changer. And what you're going to do here is you're just going to upload the video that Clingotion created. So, I just dropped in the influencer video, which remember has my audio in it. And now alls we have to do is we just need to pick a voice inside of 11 Labs that we like that we think matches the character. Now, there are 10 bajillion voices on 11 Labs. So, you'll probably be going through this quite a bit till you find one you like. You also have the ability to make your own voices. So, I'm not going to turn this into an 11 Labs lesson. Just understand you can kind of browse to your heart's desire till you find one. And once you find one, it's quite literally as easy as hitting generate speech and then it's going to give you an audio file. So, here's the audio it generated for me. >> 99% of AI influencers fail, not only because they look fake, but because they sound fake as well. >> And you can continue to generate it more and more. This uses almost no credits, right? You can play around with the stability, the similarity, the style exaggeration, right? You can go crazy with this thing, but you're going to see the file it created right here. It's going to have 11 Labs at the front of the tag. And you're just going to download it. And now it's just an exercise in video and audio editing. So, you just go inside your video player inside of Cap Cut. You're going to drop in your audio and then you're just going to match it to your AI influencers audio and mute the old one. So, I just dropped that new audio down here in the blue in the timeline. I matched it up with our new influencer. And let's take a look or take a listen. 99% of AI influencers fail not only because they look fake, >> but because they sound fake as well. >> So, right, pretty good. And that part was super easy. Like you saw doing the audio takes like 5 minutes tops. So that's the workflow for generating a realistic authenticl looking AI influencer that you can maintain complete creative control of not just in terms of video but the audio as well. The applications for this is pretty much endless and it's an exciting time to be in sort of that AI marketing space. Now in terms of resources down in the comments like I mentioned below you have links to all these things. you have a discount code. The chat GBT, that custom GBT I showed you earlier, can be found inside my school. And as a final plug, I'm also going to be running a webinar this weekend on the 31st where I kind of talk about how to actually make money with AI because there's a lot of misinformation in this space. So, you can find more information about that inside the school as well. So, let me know in the comments what you thought.

=== Clawdbot: What Nobody's Telling You ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p8-K-nsQsc

It's been a while since we've seen an AI project absolutely light the internet on fire like Cloudbot has. Now, Cloudbot only came out this month, and yet, it's already at almost 70,000 GitHub stars, making it one of the fastest growing open- source projects of all time. And now, it has people on Twitter and YouTube telling you how it's the greatest AI tool ever created, and that you can make $10 million this year just by helping people install it. But it doesn't end there. Claudebot has caused Mac minis to be sold out. It's had an entire cryptocurrency scam associated with it and it even caused Anthropic to send him a cease and desist. So now it's not even Cloudbot anymore. It's Moltbot. If you try to search anything about this tool, all you're seeing is hype, hype, hype, and people calling it the real life version of Jarvis. But what the heck even is Claudebot? What does it do? How does it actually work under the hood? And more importantly, is this even any good? Should we be dropping everything else we've been working on, throw Cloud Code in the garbage, and just focus on this guy? Well, those are the questions we are going to be answering in today's video as we take a more nuance and grounded look at this tool and figure out, is this actually the greatest AI tool we've seen in a minute, or is it a bunch of NAD personal assistants in a trench coat? So, here's how this video is going to work. First, I'm going to explain to you how Claudebot, aka Mobot, actually works. Then I'm going to show you how to install it and actually use it. And again, we do not need a Mac Mini for this. And then we can finally have a grounded discussion about whether this thing is actually worth it or not. Does it live up to the hype? Big picture, Claudebot is an AI personal assistant on steroids. It's clawed with hands. You tell it to do stuff and it will actually do things on your behalf. For example, here is you right over here on the left. the guy who is always at the end of the proverbial AI hype cycle whip. You are talking to Claudebot and you want it to check your emails for you. This is a very simplistic example, but it will do for now. First things first, you have the ability to talk to Claudebot through a number of different channels. You can talk to it over a web interface. You can talk to it over WhatsApp, over Discord, over Telegram, right? Just as if you were chatting with a real human. So, I want to talk to Claudebot via Telegram. And I say, "Hey, Claudebot, check my emails. What's been going on over the last eight hours when I was asleep?" Well, that message goes to Telegram. And that message then goes to a gateway. Now, the gateway, imagine, is like this switchboard. And from here, it's going to pass it off to an actual AI brain, say Claude or OpenAI or Gemini. And then from there, it's going to use a number of tools and skills to get the job done. So, it hits this gateway and then it goes to Opus 4.5. So, now Opus 4.5 is driving the car. And Opus 4.5 has a number of tools and skills at its disposal. Off the bat, Claudebot has 52 tools at its disposal, and those tools have associated skills. Now, one of those tools is the Gmail tool. So, it has the ability to actually say, "Hey, Google, I have access to my user's Gmail account. I want to take a look at his Gmail and I want to grab all of his emails over the last eight hours. So then Gmail sends that information back to Opus 4.5 which sends the information back to the gateway where Claudebot lives. This information gets saved on the gateway and we'll go into that more detail in a second. At this point it's also taken a look at the emails over here in the AI brain and given it a summary of like hey here's everything that happened in the last 8 hours that goes back to Telegram which goes back to you. And so what happened was you opened Telegram, you told Cloudbot what's been going on in my inbox over the last 8 hours. It went through this loop. It checked your email, created a summary, and sent it back to you. Kind of makes sense. Just as if you had a real human assistant, said, "Hey, go check my email and tell me what's been going on." Works the same way. Now, let's dive into this a little bit more because nobody would be going crazy over an AI bot that can just check your email. Like I said, it has 52 tools and associated skills essentially preloaded into its program. Now, what that means is obviously it can do things like check your email, check your calendar, but it also has the ability to interact with your operating system. It can run code, it can run terminal commands, it can run cloud code for you. It can actually interact with your machine. On top of that, it has other really cool tools, especially if you're on Mac. Things like Peekaboo. It can open up its own web browser. It can take screenshots for the browser to see what's going on. It can fill out forms. It can book a flight for you. It can order food for you. So, there's a lot of really interesting use cases for this thing that do give it a leg up versus say an NAND personal assistant, especially in terms of this like operating system interface. Now, let's talk about the gateway and this idea of infinite memory that's been floating around. What is this all about? because you've probably seen people saying Claudebot has infinite memory and it can know everything about you. So the gateway, this is where Claudebot actually lives, okay? And it can live in a number of places. So for many people, it is right here. It's the Mac Mini. Now, why would you get a Mac Mini to run this? Well, Cloudbot is only running if its gateway is running and the Mac Mini doesn't turn off. So if I had it on my computer and I turn off my computer and I try to then talk to Cloudbot, well, it's not going to work, right? already got turned off. Versus the Mac Mini, I can have it run essentially forever. The other option, right, besides the mini and your computer is just hosting it in the cloud. So, I could go ahead and use Hostinger and instead of paying 500 bucks for a mini, I can pay five bucks a month to host it, right? Using something like that, and it doesn't require a lot of power either. Now, in terms of infinite memory, it's not really infinite, but it might as well be. It's just saving all of your conversations in a database, and that database is a SQL light database. So every single conversation you have gets put inside the database and it's able to reference those past conversations essentially through a rag system. It's 70% semantic, 30% keyword search. So if I tell it something like I only go to the gym on Mondays, right? You're super lazy, but you only go on Mondays. And you then ask Claudebot, hey, it's Monday. What should I be doing today? It will then be able to look through the database, see that, oh yeah, this lazy dude only goes to the gym on Mondays and it's Monday. Hey buddy, it's time to go to the gym. Right? That's essentially how it works. And it still has context window things, right? Like it can if you're using the AI brain of say Opus 4.5, I can still only take, you know, 200,000 tokens. But this allows it to essentially on demand bring up those past conversations and insert it into the context window as needed. And speaking of the AI brains, you have multiple options, right? You could use something like Opus. You could use something like GPT5. But understand you're paying for API costs because this is all tokens, right? Being used both ways. And those can rack up really, really fast with this. Now, specific call out to Anthropic. You can use your max plan, although there have been some people saying they've been getting banned for that. So, just be wary. Now, the AI brain is ultimately what is calling on these tools and skills, which are basically just function calls. Now, a quick note about tools versus skills. Tools, like I said, that's what's being function called. So, if I'm asking Claudebot to go out there and check my email, well, you know, it needs a Gmail tool to do that. But how does it know? How does my Clawbot with its Opus brain know how to actually use that tool? Well, that's where skills come in, right? Skills are essentially just instruction manuals for the tools that Claudebot at any time can go ahead and reference. That's all that is. So that is how Claudebot aka Mullebot actually works under the hood. And hopefully with this explanation, some of the hype is being dispelled just a little bit. You know, this isn't exactly a novel thing it's doing, although it's arguably doing it at a level that hasn't been done before, but that's a conversation we'll dive into at the end of this video. Now, what we're going to do is I'm going to show you how to spin up your own molbot using Hostinger. Right? This is how we can actually get our gateway on the cloud. So, we don't have to worry about a Mac Mini and we don't have to have it on our local computer and have our computer running all the time to actually interact with this guy. So, let's jump into that. So, here we are inside of Hostinger and this is what we're going to use to actually host Claudebot in the cloud. Now, the reason I suggest Hostinger is because we get a great bang for our buck. We can totally use KVM1 for this. Five bucks a month. We're still getting a CPU core and 4 gigs of RAM. So, we have enough power. It's way cheaper than a Mac Mini. And we get everything else you would expect from Hostinger. So, good security and we get full route access. And Hostinger actually knows what's going on in the AI world. So, they also have a guide that we can reference if you get lost on how to actually install it, which is nice. So, for KVM1, we're just going to choose plan. So, go ahead, choose the period that works for you. Now, when it asks you for your operating system, just go to Ubuntu and do 24.04 LTS. And then from here you'll continue through the payment page. When you get to this page, make sure you include the Docker manager and then it's going to set it up for you. Once you see a page like this, that means your server has been created in the cloud inside of Hostinger. And now what we have to do is we just need to install Claudebot on that server. And to do that, we are going to be using SSH. Essentially, what this means is it's allow going to allow us to use our terminal on our computer to access the terminal in the cloud's computer, so to speak. So to do that, I want you to go here to root access and I want you to copy this. We're then going to open up our terminal. Paste that command in. And now you're going to enter the root password. This is the password you created when you were creating your VPS and hostinger. And you should see a page like this come up. We can clear this all. And you'll see it says right now that we are in the root. Now what we want to do from here is we want to create a new user. We can call it whatever we want. We want to turn that user to the to an admin. and then we're going to switch into that user profile. That way we aren't doing all these commands from the root level. It's just not a great practice. So to add a user, we're just going to do add user and we're going to call it moltbot. Give it a new password. And again, if you've never done this before, these passwords won't show up when you see it. We'll call this guy moltbot. And you can just run through the rest. All right, cool. Next, we want to give this user admin power. So you're going to do user mod- ag pseudo mobileot. Again all these commands will be inside of a document inside the school that also walks you through how to do all this. Lastly we want to switch that user. So it's going to be su- moltbot. And now you can see we are now inside of that remote server as moltbot. And now what we want to do is we want to install moltbot with moltbot. Now the command to do this can be found on the molbot website which is molt.bot. Go down to oneliner. Make sure this is at MacOSS/ Linux. We're going to copy this. Hop back in the terminal. Paste it in there and let it run. In about a minute or two, you'll see this screen pop up. And this is the quick installer. So, this is just a warning saying, "Hey, this can actually mess with things on your computer." Say yes, I agree. We're going to do quick start. For model off provider, I suggest not using Anthropic because like I said, if you're using the Max plan, you might get banned. Some people been reporting that. So just be on your guard. Also, the anthropic API keys are rather expensive because of that. Again, this is using API costs and we're using tokens and this can be kind of tokenheavy. So, I'm going to use OpenAI. You can use my OpenAI API key. Paste your API key in there. Choose your model. I'm just going to go with 5.2. Then you want to select your channel. This is where you're going to interact with Cloudbot. So, we have the ability to interact with it through a web face, but like I said earlier, we can do it through like Slack, WhatsApp, Discord, right? Talk to it on your phone. So, I'm just going to do Telegram because it's really easy. It's going to ask you for your Telegram bot token. It tells you how to do it, but it's really easy. Just open up Telegram, start a conversation with the botfather, and then create a new bot. So, I'm going to paste my token in there. Again, it has docs for it if you get confused. Next, it's going to ask if you want to configure your skills. And you'll notice it's saying you're missing certain requirements. So, first of all, if you are on Mac, you're going to have more functionality than if you're on Windows or Linux. Certain things for Claudebot can only be done on Mac. Other things require certain dependencies to be installed. So, for example, like Brew. So, we haven't installed that yet on this particular Linux server that we have in the cloud. We can always do that later. So, don't freak out if you're missing certain requirements. It's kind of expected, but we can configure our skills now. Um, do I want to see homebrew install command? No. NPM is fine. And again, these are things you can change later as well, so you aren't stuck with this forever. So I can kind of just go down. You can notice a lot of these are like Apple centric, right? Um, so let's just do CloudHub. Hit the space bar, hit enter. It installs it. Then it's going to ask for some APIs like do you have your Google Places API? No. No. Gemini for Nano Banana Pro. Again, you can do it here or you can wait. We're going to skip the hooks for now. And from there you should see onboarding complete. Now what I want you to note, okay, is up here it says dashboard ready. You see this dashboard link with the token. Don't get rid of this. You need this. So copy this and open this up in a browser somewhere because we are going to need this specific token moving forward. So open it up in a new window. Throw it in there. You'll get a site not reached. That's okay. just keep it there because what we need to do now is we need to create a tunnel because that web interface is over there in that remote server that we just created but you know it can't actually connect to us. So we need to create a tunnel to do that and it's pretty simple. Now to create that tunnel what we're going to do is we're going to come up here to the dashboard section copy this this SSH blah blah blah blah blah open a new terminal and put that in there. Now the host is going to be your Hostinger IP. So hop back into your Hostinger page. Scroll down. Go to IPv4. Copy back to terminal. Paste. Now if you run this right now, what's going to happen is it's not actually going to work. The connection is going to fail. So let me show you what you need to do first. So we need to head back to this original terminal and you can go ahead and clear it. You're then going to paste in this command and then we're going to run clawbot gateway. And you should see something like this pop up. Now come back to here, run the tunnel, put in your password, give it a few seconds, and we should be ready to go. Hop back here to this URL that wasn't working originally. Hit reload. And there we go. Our gateway dashboard is working. And so this gateway dashboard is kind of just your basic user interface for playing around with Clawbot. So obviously I can chat with it, right? Say hi. And right away you'll get a response back, which is Clawbot essentially saying, "Hey, I need you to give me a name. What do you want me to call me?" So this is where you begin to have your first conversation with Claudebot and sort of establish its personality. Now over here on the left, you have essentially all your different settings, right? We have an overview of, hey, are we connected? Then over here we have our channels right we have telegram right here our instances sessions cron jobs skills right so there are certain skills where we need to install certain things you see here over here on the right like hey we need to install the one password CLA cuz remember how I said we had like 40 functionalities that weren't ready to go well this is how you install them right you go into skills and you can kind of just go down the list and begin installing them and then we also have things like the config and the logs so this can go pretty deep the settings page is a bit more technical understand that. And then you also have resources here down on the left. But the big thing is you can kind of just start with chat right away, begin talking to it, and then just go through and start enabling skills that you want to enable. And at that point, you can start telling Claudebot what you want it to do. And you can also start doing that through Telegram as well. And so to get the Telegram connection set up, all you have to do is go inside of Telegram and just message your bot. So I just said, "Hi." And then you should get a response from Molbot, in this case, Multi. So I just said, "Hey, is Telegram ready to go?" And says, "Yeah, Telegram's enabled in our config and running locally." And it even gives you a breakdown if you haven't done it already. And at this point, you can kind of just run wild with it. So at this point, you should now understand how Cloudbot works under the hood. You know how to install it on a VPS. You know how to interact with it both in the web interface and Telegram. And you know how to add additional skills to Claudebot so you can have it start doing more things on your behalf. Which leaves us with our final section of this video, which is the discussion about how good is this really? And I think the best take at this point is this is a very sophisticated system. It's essentially an NAN personal assistant on steroids that also has the ability to execute commands on your computer. Like it goes well beyond sort of the that NAND space. Yet at the same time, this is not a fully fleshed out product as the creator of the product has been telling people on Twitter over and over again. Furthermore, there are security concerns when we have so many tools and skills associated with it that do go out onto the web and have to deal with things like prompt injections, right? Just imagine if someone got a hold of your Telegram. You saw my Telegram bot token today. if I didn't delete that like I've already done. You could have gone on Telegram, started talking to my bot, and essentially controlled my computer. That's just one security situation, right? And that goes for like really any API key. But it kind of shows you how much the system can cascade if one thing gets out there. The other issue is the cost. Like I said, Anthropic's already cracking down apparently, right? They're cool with subsidizing your Claude Code subscription at 200 bucks a month. they aren't cool with sub with subsidizing your Clawbot subscription or moltbot I should say. And so token usage is another huge thing. And I've seen people on Twitter talking about how they've already spent hundreds and thousands of dollars on tokens. And the last part of this has to do with like okay like what are we actually doing with this? So it's a personal assistant on steroids. Great. What does that mean? I think for 99% of people, this actually does become productivity theater and they will not get nearly as much use out of this as you think you will, right? Same thing went with NAN personal assistance. For a long time, I've railed against NAN personal assistance because the truth is most people don't use it for anything and it looks really cool and it gets a bunch of views and I think Claudebot is the next, you know, evolution of that, but most people are not going to get what they think they're going to get out of this. That being said, this just came out. This is setting the stage for, you know, the next variation of the Clawbot to be even better. And that's not to knock on the Clawbot because again, this is well beyond some NAND personal assistant that's just one big JSON file, right? This is really, really sophisticated and it's really cool how it's set up. But I think we need to temper our expectations a little bit. I think we need to be serious about what the pitfalls are and we need to start having discussions about okay like what is it really doing that well you know it has 50 tools associated with it would it make more sense to just have one automation that does all these things do we necessarily need something that can do everything maybe not I think the jury's out and I also don't think this needs to be crowned the greatest AI tool ever just yet so that's where I'm going to leave us As always, let me know in the comments what you thought. Tons of free resources in the comments as well. Free school. I have all the commands that you saw here. Also, another quick plug. This Saturday, the 31st, 2:00 p.m. Eastern time, I'm going to be giving a free webinar kind of talking about how I make money in the AI space and how you can do it as well because I think there's a ton of misinformation in the space. So, as always, I'll see you guys

=== Claude Code is Taking Video Editor Jobs Now (Remotion Skills) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N_TfYVNM7k

Claude Code can now create videos, and they're actually pretty good. This week, Remotion dropped a set of skills that allow Claude Code to create videos just through prompting. Everything you see here was generated by these skills, and you're able to edit individual scenes, add assets, have Claude go out on the internet and find assets on your behalf, and it spawns a video editor in your local browser. And in today's video, I'm going to teach you how it works, how to set it up for yourself, what the best practices are, and we'll even have a discussion about whether this tool is actually going to be taking the jobs of video editors. So, this prompt to video functionality is a combination of Remotion and their agent skills and Claude code. But it's not just Claude code. It also works with things like anti-gravity and open code. Now, how does this actually work under the hood? Well, Claude is coding React components that make up the individual frames that make up the video. So, imagine a video that's 30 frames per second and it runs for 5 seconds, right? 180 frames. Well, it's coding each individual frame, putting them all together, and you get your video. Now, what should get you really excited isn't that it can just create videos from a prompt, but that we can edit these videos through prompting as well. What you see right here is a video created by Claude Code. And I told it, hey, create like a 20 second video going over the biggest stories in the NBA so far this season. And it not only created the video, but it gave us this entire video editor. So, what do we see? Well, we are inside of our local host. It spawned this video editor for us. And it didn't just give us an MP4 file. It gave us, you know, all our scenes and all our frames broken down. It gave us assets over here on the left. So what we can do now is we don't have to restart the video from scratch every time we want to make an edit. I can just tell it the individual scene. I can say the exact frame and say, "Hey, I want to fix this." So for example, here we are, scene three, the MVP race. If we zoom in right here, we can kind of see that the MVP race and the MVP ladder text boxes are kind of stacked on one another kind of weirdly. Well, I can just tell it fix that and it's going to do it. So, here I am inside of Cloud Code and I just say, "Hey, in scene three of the NBA report, the MVP race slide, the two text boxes are overlapping. Fix that." And now it's just going to go ahead and rewrite the code. And that change will be populated automatically inside of the editor. And there's our change basically right away. Pretty awesome stuff. So, now you're probably asking, "Cool, how do I actually do this for myself and how do I set it up?" Well, luckily, it's actually really easy. So, let me walk you through it. So, we will need two things from Remotion to get started. First, we need to add the skills. And I'll put this command down inside the description. These skills are essentially just a series of prompts for Claude Code to let it know how to best use Remotion. This way, we rely on the skills instead of relying on some super master secret prompt to actually get Claude Code to create good video with Remotion. So, you're just going to copy this command. You're going to hop inside your terminal. You're going to paste it in there. And then, you're just going to hit enter. You'll see something like this pop up. Then it's going to ask you which agent to install the skills in. So choose whichever one you're using. And then from there it will ask you the scope. I suggest just doing it globally. Once we have installed the skills, next thing we need to do is get our project started. So we're going to do this command. Again it will be in the description. You can also find it at reotion.dev. Head back to your terminal. At this point you should be inside your project folder where you actually want to run this. So paste it in there. Start it. This is just like starting a React app. So, it's going to give you a bunch of options. What I want you to do is go down to blank. Hit enter. Yes. Yes. And then it's going to ask you if you want to open it in VS Code or cursor and say yes. And you'll see here on the left, it has installed a bunch of files for you. So, you're ready to go. Now, all this stuff like cursor.jemini.open code, you know, you can delete these if you don't need them. So, for example, if you're using cloud code or same goes for if you're using cursor, if you're using open code instead. Now, at this point, you're pretty much ready to go. To get started, it says to run the npmi and npm rundev command. Just open up a new terminal and run those. And that will get your browser essentially set up with that video editor. And once you've done that, now you can actually start Claude Code. So, we're going to get Claude Code started up. And at this point, you can tell Claude Code, hey, I installed a bunch of Remotion stuff for you. Go ahead, check it out, take a look at the skills, get sort of spun up on what we're going to do, and I'm going to now have you create some videos. That's always like something I like to do. So, now let's actually use this thing. So, I have opened up Claude Code. I'm telling it, I just want to create a 20 second video using the Remotion skills highlighting the features of this GitHub repo, and I pointed towards the GSD repo. Now, what's the GSD repo? If you've seen any of my previous videos, kind of in love with this thing lately. It's just a framework for Cloud Code for helping you create apps. But the idea that we're showing off here is I just gave it the URL of something and it should essentially scrape this entire page. It should also grab assets from this repo and then it should also figure out, okay, hey, in 20 seconds, what would be the best things to highlight from here, right? And you can kind of see real quickly the cool applications we have with this sort of video generation, right? Throw it a URL. Tell it to create a video about your web page. Give it a code base. Tell it to create an explainer video in 30 seconds about what your code does and sort of like the big features, you know, because it doesn't just create videos. Like we have the power of cloud code here, right? It can do a ton of research on our behalf. It can do a bunch of quote unquote thinking that you would expect a human to do if you said, "Hey, do some research about this video we're going to create." Right? So, tons of really neat applications here, especially, you know, when you combine these two things, right? It goes beyond just, oh, it creates videos. So, let's see what it does. We'll come back. Oh, and one more thing. I have it on plan mode first. Highly suggest you do that because we want to make sure even though we we don't need to oneshot everything. I want the first pass to be as good as possible cuz I know I can edit it down the line and get real granular, but I want to see sort of its thinking on the video side and what it determines is actually important or not. So, here's the plan. It came up with five slides for a 20 second video. Hero intro talks about the context raw problem, agent architecture, workflow, pipeline, and then a CTA outro. Okay, on the surface that makes sense and then proceeds to go a little bit more in depth of what this is going to look like now. Okay, typewriter effect, right? Large. Uh, so it's going to use that GSD logo, right? So, I'm assuming it's actually going to pull that in as an asset. So, lots of cool stuff here. Um, and this is honestly just yeah, the existing components. I think this is sort of the best um workflow you should use for this where you kind of just go plan mode first. But at this point, just let it go forth and conquer. have it start coding and we'll see what the final output looks like after this. And one last little tip, I'm always super suspect of cloud code using all the skills it should. So I also ask at the end before I have it go in code like did you use all the remote skills just to make me feel better. Okay, so it's telling us it finished the video. So we're just going to head to localhost 3001 in this case and take a look. So we can see here over on the left it created GSD video for us and we have our timeline down here on the bottom. Now remember this is the first pass. So let's see how it did at its first attempt. So we got the typewriter effect. Got sort of the motion graphics with the bar. Got the four things around the GSD. Kind of got the little gradient in the background. Okay. Now was that perfect on the first pass? No. But that is a solid base to go from. Right. That took Claude about five minutes to put that together. If I asked you to put that together, person who does not have a motion graphics background. How long would that take you? And there's a lot of good things we can take from this. Now, one thing I was hoping it would do, which it didn't, was I kind of wanted it to take that GSD asset from the GitHub. So, we can tell it to do that, or we can just drop the asset in here on the left ourselves, or I can just feed into cloud code. So, let's do that. So, I'm actually just going to take a screenshot of this. So, I dropped that screenshot in there and I'm saying, "Hey, can we use this screenshot of the GSD logo as an asset? Edit it as needed." Instead of the GSD text you've used in this video, right? So, I'm actually feeding it assets. So, let's see how that works out. And again, like you saw also in the um let's bring it up the NBA video, right? All these assets of like, you know, the NBA in the background, you know, SGA, um Kate Cunningham, like I didn't feed it any of these. I didn't even do what we just did in cloud code. I actually told it, hey, just go out on the web and find assets that make sense. What I also did in this particular one, you notice there's like little cool subtle animations, right? You can see sort of a subtle red um behind Cade, the subtle blue behind SGA. I didn't tell it to do that. What I actually did at one point was after it went through its first run, I was like, "Hey, if you were an expert motion graphics artist or designer, like what would you say are some improvements we can make?" It came up with like 10 improvements, and I just had it add the ones I felt made sense. So that again, how long would this take you if you had none of these skills before? Now this is just this is just a prompt away. And kind of going into what we uh alluded to in the intro of like is this taking motion graphic jobs? Is this taking video editor jobs? I I mean this just came out 2 days ago. This is just like the first iteration of it. So no, not yet. But like with anything with AI, it's just raising the floor significantly for those of us who don't show up with these skills. You know, like I said, I created this what in 20 minutes. Would have taken me 20 hours otherwise. So, let's see how our asset thing ended up working out, though. So, it says it updated it and we can see, hey, there's our GSD asset. Now, it's just using the screenshot itself. What would be nice is if we turned it into a proper PNG, so we could have like sort of a transparent background, but you can see here, right? Actually did a pretty good job of like adding a border around it and that sort of thing. You know, looks looks a lot better here than it did before. So, but and that took about one minute for it to do all that. Again, super cool. Like, you can just continue to edit and edit and edit. And that for all intents and purposes is how you use Remotion inside of Claude Code. Like, that's the workflow. It's nothing special. It's actually really easy. Now, once you're finally good with the video, it's as easy as just hitting render down here on the bottom right. And then from there, you can actually download the video and post it. So, yeah, sick tool. So, this is where I'm going to leave you. As for more resources, quick plug for the school down in the comments below. I got the free school. Again, all the resources there are free, including tons of Claude code guides and any templates. The paid school is more for if you're someone who's a bit more serious about the stuff and you're trying to figure out, well, how can I use these skills to actually make money? And speaking of that, I'm also putting on a free webinar this Saturday, the 31st. You can register for that in the comments as well. I'm going to sort of break down my philosophy and from my experience of how you can actually make money from the view of an AI agency because I think there is a lot of misinformation out there. So, let me know what you thought about this in the comments.

=== Stop Using Ralph Loops (Use This Instead) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-666PtaweU

You need to stop using Ralph loops. The Ralph loop hype is everywhere right now, and that's not without good reason. The actual Ralph loop fundamentals are actually really solid. Things like context window management, atomic tasks, and persistence until completion are all things we should be trying to incorporate into our cloud code workflows. But there are a lot of things people aren't telling you about Ralph loops. >> I'm in danger. First of all, most people aren't even using the correct type of Ralph loops. That Ralph Wiggum plugin you have in Claude Code, yeah, that's not a real Ralph loop. And I actually did a whole video on that topic. Secondly, as the creator of the Ralph loop stated himself, Ralph loops are simply a technique. At its most base form, it's just a bash loop and it's one piece of a larger puzzle when you are trying to create projects. And importantly, that piece, the loops, is entirely dependent on everything that comes before it. How good is your product requirements document? How tight did you define your features? How do you know what done actually looks like? If the answers to those questions aren't exact and correct, then you're just going to get stuck in a garbage in garbage out scenario, no matter how many times your loop runs. The Ralph Loop is an extremely powerful weapon, but most of us don't need a weapon. We need the entire armory, and that's where GSD comes in. While Ralph Loops assume you show up to the session with your entire blueprint ready to go, GSD actually helps you build it. GSD takes your half-baked idea, asks you deep questions about it, does research on your behalf, fleshes out a full-blown PRD, turns that PRD into atomic tasks for the AI to execute, and then completes the project from end to end. And while it's executing the code, it's using many of the same fundamentals that makes the Ralph loops as strong as they are. Namely, context window management using sub aents and the idea of giving AI as small and discreet of tasks as possible. so we always get the best output. So in this video, we're going to dive into GSD. I'm going to show you how to set it up. I'm going to show you what this framework actually buys you. So hopefully you can give it a test run in your next Cloud Code session. So here we are inside of the GSD GitHub repo. What we're going to do now is we're going to run through the repo so I can quickly explain big picture how the system works in conjunction with Cloud Code and then we'll actually hop into Cloud Code and play around with it for real. So first of all, how do we install this thing? Really easy. Just this one line of code in the terminal. MPX get [ __ ] done CC. Next question should be, well, how do I actually interact with this guy? Well, it uses slash commands. So, for example, if I wanted to start a new project with GSD, I would just do forward slashgsd new project. Or if I already had code that I wanted it to work on, I could do something like for/gsd map codebase and it would take a look at all the code already in there. So, that's how you interact with it inside of cloud code. Now, you're probably asking, okay, how does it actually execute code? How does it take my idea and create a working application? Well, Tash, the creative GSD, breaks it down into six steps. Now, the first three steps are initialize project, discuss phase, and then the plan phase. Think of these first three steps as essentially your standard clawed plan mode on steroids. So, at the beginning, what do you do in the initialized project stage? Well, you just give it your idea. It's going to ask you questions. It's going to do research on your behalf. And this is where you're getting your like PRD, right? Your product requirements document. What is it you're actually trying to build big picture. And in this space, it creates four documents that have to do with sort of context. So Claude always knows what you want to build, what the technical requirements are, and then what has it created and what still needs to be created. And I will show these in action in a little bit. After that, you move into the discuss phase and the plan phase. And this is where you go from your general PRD and you get really really detailed with like, okay, but what do you actually want? And this is where you have the ability to go from just sort of your random or your average quote unquote AI slop and really, as Tash states it, shape the implementation. And so you continue to have this back and forth with GSD and it continues to do research on your behalf to marry your idea with the technical requirements with what is actually possible. So as you can see there's really half of the steps here are all about just making sure your idea makes sense because the idea A needs to make sense and B needs to get broken down all the way to a handful of atomic tasks, right? very very small discrete tasks that the AI can execute on your behalf and it also verifies all this. So it's going to check the plan against the requirements in loop until they pass. Right? Starting to see some Ralph lloop fundamentals at work there. And so once we've planned everything out then we go into the execution phase. Now this is where again we see a lot of Ralph flu fundamentals because what's going to be happening here? Well, it's going to run plans and waves in parallel when possible. But really what you see is a fresh context per plan. Now you should probably understand at this point what context rot is. It's the idea that as a context window fills up right the more we interact cloud code the worse the outputs get. And autocompact only solves that so much. So what this does and what also Ralph loop does is it starts a new session in the form of a sub agent in GSD's case to actually execute the code to create the code. So for atomic task one, it's going to spawn a new sub aent. That sub aent is going to have fresh context to do it so we get the best output possible. And it does this for every single task. And each task also gets its own commit. From there, it moves on to step five where it's going to test to make sure the code actually works. And oftent times it's going to bring you in the user to actually go in and say, "Hey, is this working as expected?" And lastly, step six, we just repeat this process over and over until we get what we want. And so the GSD loop essentially becomes discuss, plan, execute, and verify. And all along the way, we're bringing in the idea of fresh context windows and very small tasks to make sure the best output is brought to us. Now, I suggest hopping in here and taking a look at this GitHub. It talks about a lot of other cool features like quick mode if we're trying to execute something that's small and isn't like a really heavy lift. And then it also goes into like all the different slash commands at your disposal. So I'll put a link to that down below. So now let's go through a quick demo. So to install it, you'll spin up a terminal and you'll just do npx get [ __ ] done ccc. Now what you'll want to do almost every time you use this is to update it after you've installed. So, it's the same thing and then it's at latest because uh this guy's kind of a maniac and does like a 100 commits a day. So, yes to proceed. And then would you like to install this globally or locally? You most likely will want to install it globally. So, you can use it in any project. And there you go. Uh what is the new one? Your current. Yep. Let's replace it with the new status line. So, here we go. Then once you install it, all you're going to do is start up Claude like you normally would. In my case, I'll be doing the skip permissions. So now we're zoomed in so you can hopefully see this a little bit better. So if I do forward slash, you will notice I then get, you know, a ton of these GSD things pop up. So let's say we're starting a new project. So it's just going to be GSD colon new project. Hit enter. So it's then going to start asking you some questions. So what do you want to build? I just told it I want to create a content creation remixer. So I give it some idea or an article and then it turns it into a 30 to 60 second content script. Simple enough. Now depending on how thorough your first answer was or as vague as it was like our first one, it's going to continue to ask you more questions to get a better idea of what it actually needs to build. Once you get through the initial project scope questions, you'll be hit with a question that says, "How do you want to work?" Whether it's YOLO or interactive, I suggest YOLO. It's going to make it way quicker. And then it's also going to ask you, hey, how thorough should the planning be? Standard is just fine. You can always add more plans later if you want to. When it asks you, do you want it to run plans in parallel? Understand it's only going to run plans in parallel if that makes sense because certain things do have to be sequential. But for the most part, having it execute in parallel is just going to save you time. And then in do you want to commit planning docs to Git? Again, this just depends on what sort of version control you want. Now, one of the last questions it will ask before it actually starts jetting up some of these documents is which AI models do you want to use for planning agents. So, this kind of depends on your Claude code plan. I suggest quality if you're on a max plan. That way, you're using Opus for everything. But understand there's a balance and a budget if you're on the pro version or if you're really um conscious about bumping up against your limits. Next, what you'll see after answering all those questions is the proposed road map. So you can see right here it broke it down into five phases and eight requirements. So in phase one is the foundation and this is where we sort of do the full stack skeleton. From there is the input pipeline with URL scraping and text inputs etc etc. Then it gets a little more detailed in terms of how it breaks down those phases and you can see here it breaks out the success criteria and the goals. So now I've zoomed out a little bit and over here on the left you can see that it's now created those four documents that were referenced in the GitHub repo. Project requirements roadmap and state. Now the project document is pretty much a product requirements document, right? A pretty broad overview of what it is we're building. The requirements gets a little bit more technical in terms of like the actual features. So for example, if we look at the input requirements, what sort of inputs do we need to give this content remixer for it to be able to remix said content? So for there I should be able to paste a URL. I should be able to enter a raw idea. And I also want to be able to select from template presets. The road map again is a little more detailed because now we're going into the exact phases, right? We have this into I believe five phases. And it also shows the explicit success criteria. And then we have the state document. And this is a living document where you can always reference as you're building what has been built so far and what we should expect to be built down the road. Now it transitions into the phasebyphase execution. So it's going to discuss the phase, right? Really make sure we're on the same page with what is going to be built here in this case in the foundation and then it's actually going to create the code. So it tells you exactly what to do. So it's going to be for/gsd discussphase 1. But first, right, it's saying, hey, clear it so we can actually run it. So I'm just going to go clear, paste it in, and it's going to start executing. After the discuss phase, you move to the plan phase. And this is where it's actually going to set the tasks AI is going to complete because everything you've done before this is all about making sure you and the AI are on the same page and that it's going to build what you want. So, it gives you a few options. Either you can do a normal plan phase, in which case, if it makes sense, it will do some additional research, or you can also just skip the research if it's something very basic. So, after it completes that step, we're then going to finally make it to the execution phase of GSD. So you'll see something that says like next up execute phase one and then it will give you these commands. Now what you will also see over here on the left is we now have phases and in this case you can see phase 01 foundation and over here I have plan 01 01 and 0102. So it's broken down phase one into two subphases and if I click into each plan I can see what it's actually going to do. For all intents and purposes, these plans are like the prompt that it's going to be giving Claude code. So, it can actually build what we need to build. So, if we look through this, it's an XML. It's about 200 lines of code. And you can see right here, what is the objective of this particular plan, right? Well, we want to bootstrap the content remixer project with Nex.js 15 and establish a database, right? We're creating the foundational infrastructure that all subsequent phases will build upon and we have a clear output that we're trying to get to. It includes the specific context of other files it needs to be looking at as it executes this phase. And then we can see here in the task section the specific atomic tasks that we keep talking about that it's going to go ahead and do, right? We're not just telling it, hey, create this whole app for us. We're saying, hey, task one, create the next.js project with dependencies and it goes all the way down the list doing it. And I definitely recommend that even if you consider yourself a vote a quote unquote vibe coder that you go through these plans and sort of familiar familiarize yourself with what it's building and ask cla code questions if you are confused at any one point. But at this point of the video, you should start to see like how methodical this entire GSD process is to get us to this point over and over and over. The next step that we're going to do, it's actually going to create the code based on this. But it's a lot of steps before you get to this point. And that's what I am sort of referencing when we compare this to Ralph Loop being a weapon and GSD being the whole dang armor and all this scaffolding to handhold you to get you to this place where it's going to execute something well. And so we're going to go to execute phase one. We'll clear this and we'll come back once it's complete so you can see what a finished phase looks like. Okay, so it executed phase one and here's the sort of messaging we see. It says it did wave 1 and wave two complete. So those were essentially the subfases within phase 1 which was the bootstrap Nex.js project with the database as well as the OpenAI integration. So it can actually in uh actually remix our content with AI. So now it will verify if the goals were met on its own. But what it's also going to have you do is actual human verification checklist. So, it's telling me open up new terminal, do npm rundev, make sure it actually works, do the database migration, and then actually check the OpenAI endtoend testing. Now, this part I really like, and this is where it differentiates a little bit with the Ralph loop. The Ralph loop is very like hands-off a AFK, like it's going to just go forth and conquer versus this. After every single phase, there's pretty much some element of human verification. So, you can actually see it with your own two eyes and then make adjustments accordingly. And this as I stated before methodical way of implementing tasks is where GSD shines. So in terms of end toend stuff complicated projects I'm starting from you know zero and want to go all the way at the end. I think this is the perfect place for GSD. I think when you compare that to again Ralph loop which is what we sort of been contrasting with it right loop is a technique. So there are instances especially I think if you're a little more advanced and maybe the scaffolding and structuring of something like this framework is a little too much for you. I think that's where it really really shines where you're already at the place you're like I know exactly what I want and I know exactly what needs to be done. I think Ralph Lip is great for that. I think for other cases and I think for most people in the space something like GSD just makes a bit more sense. Now there are some cons, right? And something you probably notice right here, like 22 minutes and 18 seconds. This is, as I keep saying, methodical. It takes a little bit of time. We are not in the game of just trying to oneshot things as quick as possible. Also, in terms of sub agents, that does use a bit of tokens. The argument for that is is that in the long run, you're actually saving tokens because you're doing, you know, a plan twice, prompt once thing versus just prompting, going, and then having to fix things on the back end. So, just know that. going in. So, at this point, you would just repeat this process for every single phase until your project was complete. So, that's where I'm going to leave you today. I hope I was able to introduce you to a pretty cool and upand cominging claude code framework in GSD. I've really enjoyed it. I think it's perfect for people who don't come from a technical background, but still want to make projects end to end inside of Cloud Code in a way that's sustainable and repeatable and really checks all the boxes. So, as always, let me know in the comments what you thought, and I'll see you

=== MIT Researchers Just Solved Context Rot ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvrJaGqHz14

MIT might have just solved the context window problem. Just a few days ago, MIT released a technical paper claiming that through their system of recursive language models, they've made giant steps forward in solving one of the biggest issues in the AI space today, context rot. Now, context rot is something we have known about for a while. Just this past summer, Chroma did a deep dive on this topic and the results we got were that context window length doesn't actually matter. Whether it's 200,000 tokens or a million tokens, the effectiveness of your large language model is going to drop after about 100,000 tokens. However, in this [clears throat] paper from MIT, their recursive language model setup is showing high performance that not 200,000 tokens, not a million tokens, but when dealing with data sets of over 10 million tokens. Those numbers are absolutely insane. So, how did they actually achieve this? And what does this mean for you? Well, that's exactly what we're going to cover today. So, let's hop into this paper. So, this is the paper from MIT. It's titled recursive language models. and recursive language models are what this whole thing is all about and how they use RLMs to deal with very large prompts that otherwise these models couldn't handle just due to the size. So imagine we're using GPT5 which is what they use in this study. It has a context window length of 272,000 tokens yet using RLMs it's able to handle data sets that are 10 million plus tokens long. How does it do that? Well, that's what this paper is all about. And let's start with the actual results. So, let's start by just looking at these two graphs because it kind of illustrates this entire study pretty succinctly. So, on the left we have GPT5 and that's just the base model. So, imagine you're just kind of inside of ChatG's interface. And then on the right, we have the RLM version. Now, it shows two different tests. The first test is a very simplistic tests and they both absolutely crush it. It's called a needle in the haystack test. It's essentially giving the large language model a large document and somewhere buried in that document is the answer to your question. So in the document it says my favorite color is yellow. I ask the LLM what's my favorite color? It comes back with yellow. These systems, these frontier models are very good at this no matter the context length because it's such a simple ask. Yet if we give it a more complicated task like the Olong tasks, you start to see this idea of context rot and how RLMs are able to sort of ignore that problem. So the olong test to put it simply is when they give the AI system a data set and then they ask the AI to find all the combinations of the entries inside that data set that meet certain criteria. The olong pairs test then essentially ramps up the complexity of that task. And so you can see with this sort of test context rot at work as we increase the input context length here on the bottom axes the effectiveness the score drops dramatically. Right? and it stops exactly at the context window length. And here it shows 262. Now, if we look at the RLM, first of all, notice we don't stop at 262. This pushes all the way to 1 million. So, we can handle a much larger data set. Secondly, notice the score. The score doesn't drop nearly as much. And at a certain point, it almost sorts of level off. As we go from 1 million to 262, it's virtually the same. And if you look at olong pairs, right, we're sitting at about what 50 here on RLM. We're at zero over here on the left. That is a wild difference. And let's break down these numbers a little bit more. Here's some more results of four different tests. So it shows the Quen 3 coder and GPT5. They ran the study on both models, but for today's discussion, we're just going to focus on GPT5. So I have the base model highlighted and the RLM highlighted. Same two models you saw before. And the two tests I want to bring to your attention are the browse comp and olong pairs. So we already saw olong pairs before. And the interesting thing about olong pairs is the task length aka the data set is pretty small 32k. Yet rlm crushes the base model 58 versus 04 which is very interesting because like I talked about in the beginning the rm was supposed to deal with huge context window length issues right yet when we look at a smaller task it's still way more effective which is very interesting. Now, if we look at browse comp, we're on the other end of the spectrum and we're dealing with a massive task length, right? 11 million tokens, right? You know, 20 what 40 times the context length essentially, right? Quick math there. The base model can't even deal with it. And of note, what this test is, it's kind of like needle in the haystack except instead of one document, it's 100 documents and it also needs to not only find things inside those documents, but sort of synthesize it to get the answer. So, the base model can't handle it, right? can't handle it at all. Yet the RLM scored 91. So what do we see here from the results? Right? We see a system that can not only handle huge tasks but perform more effectively at very complicated tasks at small token links, right? Crazy stuff. So this then begs the question, what the heck are RLMs and how do they work? So this is the RLM. It's pretty self-explanatory. So I'll just leave this on the screen for like 15 seconds and then we'll just continue on. I'm just kidding. This is actually this is actually very complicated and convoluted at first, right? The way they describe it is right here. Right? Again, very very self-explanatory. So, it's a recursive language model treats prompts as part of the environment. It loads the input prompt as a variable inside a Python ripple environment and writes code to peak into, decompose, and invoke itself recursively over programmatic snippets of the variable. Duh. Easy, right? Light work. But actually simpler than it sounds. And let me explain it. And as I walk through this explanation, let me caution you. You're going to be very confused at first. Yet by the end, you're just going to be like, "Oh, duh." Obviously, and I guarantee you there'll be like 20 people in the comments like, "This is how I already do it." So you'll understand by the end. So first things first, they're doing this inside of a Python environment. What does that mean? for all intents and purposes, they're doing the study on a computer that's running Python and GPT5 can interact with Python and it can have Python run code for it. Okay, so in this example, we have GPT5 over here, 272 context. It's our primary large language model. We want to have GPT5 answer some questions about our very large document. In this case, we're going to say we wanted to answer questions about Warren Peace, a huge novel that we are going to say is 1 million tokens. Obviously, it's probably in the training data. Assume it's not in the training data. And I can't, right? I can't just take this million token document and shove it into chat GBT. I can't just drop it into the chat window. That won't work. So, how do I actually get accurate answers from this document? This is where the RLM system comes in. So, as they stated, we are going to programmatically figure out what's in that document first. What does that mean? That means our system, our GPT5 is going to have Python run some code to give us some information about this document. And by information, I mean it's going to run some code for us. So what is that going to look like? So essentially what the model is going to do in this RLM system is it's going to get sort of like a reconnaissance of the huge document. It's going to see what the lay of the land is and how it can sort of peacemeal this. So in our case, we're saying, "Hey, we want our main prompt is I want you to break down every interaction involving Napoleon and War in Peace." So our system's just going to run some Python and get some information. In this case, what it wants to know is what's the length of this book and can we sort of break it down into component parts? That is literally what you see in blue. That's one line of code. So seven seven tokens have been used. And what we get back from Python isn't the whole document. We just get the information we need. So, it's going to tell us, hey, you're dealing with 2.4 million characters. And by the way, you wanted the first thousand words in the document. Well, here they are. So, it realizes, here's how big it is. Here's the first like couple pages. Okay, it has chapters. Well, let's break it down into chapters and then figure out which chapters include Napoleon in there. Okay, it's doing this just through Python. That's just a couple lines of code. And Python is going to bring back that information. And that information is what you see here, right? It's going to say, "Hey, in that book I found Napoleon in chapters 3, 7, 12, 15, 18, 24, blah blah blah blah blah." So when we say, "Hey, these RLMs interact programmatically with the document." That's what we're saying. So GPT5 created the code, Python ran the code, and now it got that information back about Napoleon's in these chapters. Now what happens, right? Imagine your GPT5, you know, it's in that book, but I can't take all that information in. I can't even take in that chapter by chapter. That's still too much. So what do we do? Well, this is where the recursive part of the recursive language model comes in. And that's just a fancy way of saying our large language model is going to spawn little sub aents, right? You see gbt5 mini, that's the recursive section, right? It's just going to do tool calls to smaller versions of itself to handle all this chapter information. So I need to know about Napoleon in chapter 3. yet I can't put all of chapter 3 and 7 and 12 into here. So instead, we're going to take chapter 3 and we're going to give it to GPT5 mini down here, right, as a tool call. So GPT5 Mini is now looking at all chapter 5. It gets the answer. Napoleon did this in chapter 3 and it sends that answer back. We then repeat this process over and over and over. So I need chapter 7. Okay, GBD5 mini number two, you're up. Here's chapter 7. Figure out what the answer is. Send it back to me. And it does it over and over again and you eventually get your answer. And so what we've done, right, and I said this actually isn't that complicated. All we've done is we've taken this giant document and we're just chunking it up essentially, right? We're smartly chunking it up because of this code we ran at the beginning, but we're just chunking it up and we're giving each chunk to essentially a sublarge language model that we've used as a tool call. That's it. That's recursive language models. We're just offloading the context to some little mini agent that we're using as a tool call. That's it. That's RLMs in a nutshell. Okay. So if you've ever used a sub agent in clawed code to do something on your behalf because you didn't want all that context to go in the main context window, you've kind of been using some of the fundamentals of these RLM systems, right? That's all it is. And this is just one recursion layer deep. Okay? And they only did one recursion layer deep in the study. And they talked about in theory they would like to see people go deeper. And what do I mean by that? Well, imagine, hey, remember I said we have chapter 3. Well, let's say I gave chapter three to this guy. What if chapter 3 is too big? Well, if chapter 3 is too big, well, we could just repeat this process with this guy where it does like, you know, act one of chapter 3, act two, act three, and that becomes another mini, right? And it just repeats the same process. It's it's just LLMs all the way down. So, all that to say is that is how the recursive language model works. We have a big document. We have our large language model. We use code to figure out how we can sort of break down this huge document and then we spawn miniature versions of our large language model GPTI GPT5 mini in the case of the study to handle those individual sections that give us the answer. It gets aggregated and that way our guy over here is able to handle these huge prompts without ever actually ingesting them, right? because he's kind of a liar and he just has everyone else do his work for him and then claims he did it at the end. That's RLMs. And that is essentially what this picture and these next few paragraphs are explaining. That's all it is. Which is why I guarantee you someone in the comments like I already do that. Yeah. Okay. But for the rest of you, hopefully that kind of made sense. And hopefully that sort of explained why it's able to do these things so well because it never has to deal with context rot because we just keep splitting the context up so many times amongst so many you know column sub aents call it whatever you want right we've essentially spread this giant 1 million context document so thin that everyone can work on it effectively and the way they describe that concept in here is they say the long prompts aka the Large documents should not be fed into the neural network. Aka don't just dump them in to the large language model, but should instead be treated as part of the environment that the large language model can symbol symbolically interact with. Right? When we say it's part of the environment, it's just something it knows it exists, right? It can interact with this thing. It just doesn't pull it all in. That's what this paper is saying. And the paper goes on to make these observations that essentially reinforce everything I just told you, namely that they can scale to 10 million token regimes and outperform these base LMs. They also talk about the recursive sub calling of RLMs providing strong benefits on information dense inputs. And I want to take a second to talk about this because I think at this point you're like, okay, this is awesome. Like how do I actually recreate this? How can I actually take these fundamentals? I think the idea of sub calling right really in context of something like claw code like sub aents I think is really where you can see something like this work again observations three the RLM not only scales better on large context stuff but it also performs better on the small context stuff if it's very complicated right this olong stuff and again this paper just goes on and on about this there's also some interesting stuff that it tends to actually be cheaper too and really I think this paper and this whole context X window stuff is just where this whole space is going and you're seeing it all over the place. Things like the Ralph loop, things like GSD, it's all about context window management and how that changes your outputs. And right here, what we're seeing is we're seeing just sort of some of the code stuff that I talked about earlier. So, I will put a link to this paper inside the description. Definitely check it out. I think the stuff is just really interesting. Obviously, this field is changing by the day, but definitely read it, take a look at it. wild stuff and really start to think about how you can integrate these sort of ideas into your own workflows.

=== The Secret Poison Killing Your Claude Code Performance ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xHprsdG4ME

With every message you send, your LLM gets just a little bit worse. And this isn't just anecdotal evidence. This has been shown in study after study after study. All of which tell the same story of context rot being the secret poison that's killing your performance. But what exactly is context rot? And more importantly, what can we actually do to mitigate it? So the idea of context rot is actually pretty simple. the more we fill the context window of our particular AI system, aka the longer we interact with it, the worse it performs in a given session. Now, the particular study we're looking at right now is the Chroma study. This came out this previous summer. I highly suggest you take a look at it. I'll put a link to it in the description. And if you head to this page, they will also have a link to their YouTube video. It's only like 7 minutes long where they do a really good job of explaining sort of their methodology behind all the tests and what they figured out. And what they figured out is exactly what I told you. The more we shove into a particular system, the worse it performs. And this graph, and there are many of them, really drives that home. And what you're seeing here is four of the top models, Claw, GBT, Quinn, and Gemini, attempting to perform a task while they are given more and more input tokens. aka their context window is filled up more and more and more and as you see their performance tanks over time. Now these are obviously slightly older models than what we have available to us now but this problem has not been solved and it's very alarming. Just look at this drop off. It's insane. So with this in mind, what can you, the average end user actually do to kind of battle this issue? Well, first we really need to understand how context windows work. And to understand context windows, we first need to have a quick conversation about tokens. Now, tokens are the currency of large language models. And context windows are the budget of every single AI model. Now, every model has a different budget. They have a different size context window. Opus, for example, from Claude has 200,000 tokens. Gemini is up to 2 million tokens. And there's models out there with even more than that. But, as you'll see, bigger isn't always better. But for today's conversation, we're just going to pretending that we are Opus 4.5 and we have 200,000 tokens to spend. Now, what are tokens? Well, for you, all you really need to understand is that one token is equal to one word. One word is equal to one token. There's a lot of complicated math involved, but for 99% of the population, that's as much as they need to know. And to illustrate all this, we have an example conversation with Claude. And there's three things we're going to be keeping track of. input tokens, output tokens in our actual context window. Okay, so three things. Now, like I said before, every word is equal to a token. So at the beginning of the conversation, when I say hi claude, that's two tokens and those two tokens are first going to be part of that input. So right off the bat, I send two tokens. Two goes to anthropic. It comes back with a response. Hi, how are you today? So that's, you know, six tokens. So it output six tokens. What does that put our context window at? That puts it at eight, right? Easy enough. Eight tokens out of 200,000. We are sitting pretty. We've barely filled up any of it. Now it's time for my response. So I say, I'm doing well. Explain context windows to me. Eight tokens. So what is my input? Is it eight tokens? No, it's not. It's actually a lot more than that. Because when you send follow-on messages past your first one, I'm not just sending this message. I'm actually sending that message plus the entire previous conversation. So it's the new message plus the entire context window. So my new input that I'm sending to it is in fact 8 + 8 giving me an input of 16. Claude then responds with an output which is you know let's just say for the sake of this example it responded with 100 tokens. What is the output going to be? Well the output is its own thing. It doesn't output the entire context window back to us. So the output in this case is 100 which then brings our context window to what? Well the context window becomes the input plus the output which brings us to 116. See how this works? And this dynamic continues for the entire conversation. So just to illustrate this point, let's say we had a hundred more messages back and forth with Claude. And let's say our context window is now up to 50,000. So up here we have our context window. We've already filled up a quarter of it. Now let's say I give it a new message saying, "Hey, can you explain context windows again?" So let's just say that's six tokens. So what's the input? Input would be 50,000 plus six. All right. And let's say Claude comes back with a rather lengthy response. Let's say it comes back with a 5,000 token length response. What does that mean? Well, that means the output would be 5K. And our total context window would in fact now be what? 55,000. So context window would now be 55. And now we filled up a little bit more. So that's how tokens in the context window works. Every input is not just your particular message. It's that message plus everything that came before it. Now, like everything, it gets a little more complicated in reality. There's things like cache memory, but as the user, this is how you have to think about it. But it's not just your back and forth messages that fill up the window. Here's an example of an actual context window from Claude Code itself. And you will see that messages, right? Those back and forth only takes up one portion of the entire window. What else goes in there? Well, you have things like system prompts and tools and very importantly MCP tools. And we'll talk about this a little bit more, but MCP tools can be huge and take up a huge portion of your context window. So, if we went back to this conversation in reality, you know, did we have just two input tokens here at the beginning? No. Actually, we had a whole bunch of stuff that was already there. You know, we had the system prompt, we had system tools. So your first message in fact wasn't two tokens. It was probably 5,000 in two tokens. So there's a lot of things that are fighting to grab the context window. Now let's bring this back to the idea of context rot. We have all these tools, all these messages fighting for real estate in our context window. Yet at the same time past a certain point, our LLM's effectiveness is going to drop significantly. There's no exact number. It's roughly rule of thumb 100,000 120,000 tokens and that doesn't really change whether they have a 2 million context window or a 200,000 context window which is why the size of the window doesn't really matter because again pass this point 100 120 there's no exact number it just stops working as well. So those are the things we have in mind that's context raw. Context rot is saying, "Hey, once we get past this number, right, once we start filling up past here, well, you're not going to do so good." So, at this point, we understand what context rot is, right? The effectiveness going down over time. And we have a pretty good idea of how this window fills up, right? Our messages, our prompts, our tools, how inputs and outputs work. Now, is the important part, which is like, okay, what the heck do we do about this? How can we actually stay in this, you know, sort of goldilock zone while at the same time still giving our system enough context for it to actually complete tasks? Now, the first and most important weapon that you can employ in your battle against context rot is task management. Now, what do I mean by that? I mean giving the large language model, giving claude code, giving whatever discrete specific tasks that it needs to execute. not being vague, not telling it, hey, I want you to create this SAS product that's, you know, a project management uh tool for content creators. That's too much, right? That's too much context and too many ideas it needs to hold in its tiny little context window to actually execute things properly. Instead, we need to take your idea and break it down into its smallest parts possible and then have it execute those specific tasks. Now, what does that look like when we're talking about agentic coding tools like Claude Code? Well, that means having a proper PRD. That means not showing up with just an idea and letting it go to work. That means having your idea, taking it into plan mode, and having a significant back and forth till you break it down into its discrete pieces. That's what we're looking at here, right? It was a PRD, a cambban board for board for video creators. I kind of talked about this in my previous video. And what do you see? Well, you have the idea, right? canban board for video creators. But then we break it down into its individual specific tasks it needs to do because if I tell it, hey, set up the board, it's too much, right? We want to get as small as possible. Think of, you know, again, oh, I want to build a website. No, I want to build a landing page. No, I want to build a a contact form. No, I want to build the specific logic that makes sure the email they put in is legit, right? break it down to its smallest individual piece. And by doing so, it will use less context to execute the task. Now, the second weapon we have at our disposal is session management. When talking about a chatbot, let's imagine I've been talking with Claude for hours and hours in the same exact chat. Well, session management means asking Claude, "Hey, create a summary of everything I've talked about so I can head to a new chat." And then I would just open up a new window, open up a new chat, dump that summary in, and now it kind of knows what I've been talking about, but we have all the context window available to again, which means we'll get better outputs. Now, Claude Code and a lot of coding tools take this same approach with the idea of an autocompact feature. So, you'll see here Claude Code in their attempt to fight context rot has the autocompact feature. That means as we fill up all these tokens once I hit, you know, the 150 145 155 uh token number, it's then going to start a new session and it's going to ask Claude in this session to say, "Hey, create a summary of everything we've done." So, it can go into a new session with a new window with an idea of where we're at. So, we don't just start from scratch. Now, we can also do this manually inside of cloud code by either asking for the summary ourselves or just doing, you know, slashcle and starting a new session again. And frankly, those two ideas alone, having specific tasks for your AI to accomplish in one session and actively managing the sessions themselves is pretty much a 90% solution. And when we look at things like the Ralph loop or the GSD framework, you know, two scaffolding sort of mechanisms around agentic coding, that's exactly what these things do, right? Let's take the Ralph loop for example. What does it do? It takes your PRD, it takes a specific tasks and then it attacks it one task at a time and starts a new session every single attempt. GSD kind of does the same thing. It takes your idea, turns it into a PRD, breaks the PRD into atomic tasks and launches sub agents and sub aents have their own context window to again complete said tasks. So what are both of these things doing? Right? They're managing context via new sessions or sub agents. And they're giving AI only one specific task to complete in any one session. What does that mean? It means less context rot because it's going to be using less context overall to complete the problems, therefore giving you better outputs. And with that in mind, I would highly suggest checking out the Ralph GitHub and the GSD GitHub to get a better idea of how these systems work. I'll also link videos in the description where I talk about both of them so you can kind of see these models in action. And the very last point I will make on all this has to do with MCPs. Obviously, when MCPS kind of came onto the scene a year ago, everyone was going nuts. Everyone wanted to throw 30 MCPs and create agents with them. Understand MCPS are super super heavy. Anthroic themselves came out with this article November 4th pretty much saying MCPs are are way too bloated and there's other ways we can actually sort of use their functionality. So this isn't to say never use MCPs. This is saying use MCPs sparingly and don't just have them on within your session if you don't need them. So that's where I'm going to leave you. Make sure to check out the GSD video if you want to see these context mitigation techniques in action. And as always, let me know what you thought about it. Check out the free school for tons of free AI resources.

=== Stop Using The Ralph Loop Plugin ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAE3ONleUas

Everybody's been going nuts about the Ralph Wigum plugin inside of Cloud Code, but there's one problem. It's not the real Ralph framework. But don't just take my word for it. Take a look at everything that the creator of the Ralph framework has been posting on Twitter and YouTube over the last few days. And his message is pretty clear. The original Ralph Loop framework is not the same as the Ralph Wiggum plugin that everybody's been talking about on YouTube, even though people make you think they're the same. So, what exactly is the proper Ralph Loop technique? And why is the official anthropic Ralph Wiggum plugin falling short? Well, that's exactly what we're going to cover today. And I'm also going to show you how to implement proper Ralph loops inside of Cloud Code in the second half of the video. There's been a ton of misinformation swirling about around this topic. So, let's dive into it. So, what is Ralph? Now, this is from the blog of the creator himself. He writes that Ralph is a technique and in its purest form, Ralph is a bash loop. Ralph, for all intents and purposes, distilled into its purest form is one line of code. It's just a while loop. It's just the ability to have an AI system attempt the same task over and over and over again until it gets it right. But the devil is in the details when it comes to implementing this looping system. And the way the original Ralph loop works and the way the Claude code plug-in works does differ in significant areas. So let's talk about the Ralph loop at large from the original standpoint, the original Ralph loop. So how do we start this off? Well, we start with an idea, right? You show up to Claude Code and you have an idea for some sort of project, right? You want to create a canban board for social media content creators, right? Doesn't matter. You have an idea. That idea then becomes a product requirements document. You talk with Claude Code back and forth. You take your very mediocre prompt and you turn it into a document that explains exactly what you're trying to build. It explains what the features are of that build and it takes those features and it breaks them down into discrete tasks, right? You know, I want to have the camb board. Well, you know what? It needs to have task one. It needs an edit button. Task two, it needs delete button. And task three, I want to be able to move it around or something, right? We're taking the big idea and we're distilling it into its smallest parts into tasks. Now is where the Ralph loop comes in. So the Ralph loop, the way it's supposed to work is we've created this PRD. We execute the Ralph loop and importantly it starts a brand new session. What do I mean by that? I mean it's like actually ex exiting cloud code, spinning up a new cloud code instance. So we have a completely fresh context window. This is where these two diverge. This is where we have the difference between the original and the difference between the cla code version because the original starts a new session. The cla code version doesn't. And this is very important. And this is important because the entire point of Ralph loops is that it hinges the on the idea that we are using a new session with a brand new context window because having a brand new context window means we're going to get way better outputs. And that's all because of the idea of context rot. Now, if you've watched my videos before, you know I've talked about this big picture. What is context rot? They've done studies on this on multiple LLMs. It means the longer I talk with a large language model, the more I fill up its context window, the worse it gets. There's no specific drop off point, right? There's not an exact number, but you can kind of ballpark it is like once you get past the halfway point in terms of clawed code, that's 100,000 tokens. The effectiveness of the system will drop off dramatically. And again to sort of belver the point with the context window thing because I think it's important and this is the difference between the real loops and the plug-in is like hey we have our context window right we have zero tokens up here 200k down here. Okay the first half we're smart right cloud code's crushing it. Opus 4.5 is doing everything we want to do. We want to stay in this area. This is good. This is thumbs up. We love being smart. Once we get past 100,000 tokens roughly we start becoming dumb, right? And we don't want to be dumb. This is bad. Okay. So to stay out of the dumb area, we start a new session. So for every task, we start at zero. So obviously we want to stay in the smart area as long as possible because if we're in the dumb area, eventually we end up posting on Reddit complaining that Claude is quantitizing our models, right? So that's the reason that the new session idea is so important. So we execute the Ralph loop. What happens? Right? We actually want to do something now. So I start the Ralph loop. The route loop starts a new session of cloud code. It then takes a look at the product requirements document. Says, hm, what am I supposed to build today? It then takes a look at the tasks that need to be completed. So, it's going to look what has or hasn't been done yet. And it's going to start on the first task that hasn't been completed. In our case, we haven't done any task. So, it's going to start on task one. It's going to code code code. If it completes the task, it's going to do a few things. One, it's going to update the PRD and say, "Hey, task one complete." It's also going to update a second document, the progress.ext document. This is just a text document that goes into more detail of what it has completed each se each session. So, it's going to say, "Hey, you know, for task one, we did A, B, and C. This is what happened. Here's some patterns that emerged." Okay. Once it completes task one in that first iteration, we're going to execute the Ralph loop again autonomously. It's going to do that on its own, and it's going to start a new session. So, what does it do again? It reads the PRD. It takes a look at task two again with a fresh context window. Codes codes tries to complete the task. Now, what happens if we can't complete that task? And this is really where the power of the route loop comes in. What happens if we don't finish this task, right? We almost run through a whole context window. Doesn't work. What happens? Well, again, what is it going to do? It's going to update the progress MD file, the text file, the progress file, and say, "Hey, we tried to do task two. It didn't work. We tried A, B, and C. We got errors one, two, and three. And then it's just going to start the loop again, right? New session, iteration number two on task two. But this time, it's also going to be able to look at the progress file and say, "Hey, oh, we already tried A, B, and C, so let's try D, E, and F." Right? And it's going to repeat that process over and over. And by default, it will do that 10 times for each task until it completes it. Right? That's why you hear people saying, "Oh, it just repeats the task over and over and over and over again." Right? But the point of this isn't just that it repeats the task, that it repeats the task with the context from progress and repeats the task with a new session, right? So the additional context of previous iterations and the new context windows. What makes this so powerful? And so that's a Ralph loop. It just repeats that process over and over and over again till it completes everything. Now, you're probably asking, how does that differ from the plug-in? Well, specifically, the Ralph Wigum plugin does not start a new session. Right? I'm looking at the Cloud Code GitHub right now. This is inside the Ralph Wickham plugin and you can see explicitly it says Cloud Code automatically works on the task, tries to exit, it then blocks the exit and then just continues until completion. So what are we doing? We're not getting a new context window. We stay in the dumb section for longer until we hit the auto compact. Right? And auto compact, when does that start? That starts at what? 45 150,000 tokens, right? So, we're not getting a brand new session each time. It's just going to keep shoving more and more context into the window until it autoco compacts and starts again. So, every iteration, you aren't starting fresh, right? You're just starting wherever it happens to end. And so, in essence, we're losing one of the most powerful things of the Ralph loop, which is the additional context tokens for each session. Right? The power isn't that we iterate this 10 times. The power isn't that we start over. The power isn't that we just bang our head against the wall forever because it's AI. No, no, that's not the power. The power is the new tokens. The power is context management. And if you watch previous videos like GSD, you know, the get done thing, it had a similar idea where it used sub aents. Okay, but if we don't if we don't refresh the context window, we're defeating the what's the point? So, all that to say is this Cloud Code plugin that you're seeing everywhere, everybody's hyping this up like, oh my god, like it just repeats the thing forever and ever and ever. It's like, yeah. So, So we don't care that it does it 10 times. I wanted to do it 10 times effectively in a way that makes sense. So understand that those are the two biggest differences between these two systems and that this claud code system does kind of like I think miss the point. So that's the Ralph loop and how it differs from Enthropic's version of it. Now let's talk about how to get the real quote unquote Ralph loop running in your own cloud code instance. Now there's a couple things we need to do. Now, first we need the actual script, and that's what we're looking at here. Now, like we talked about in the intro, the base version of this is very simple, right? It's essentially one line of code, and we're just going to add some scaffolding on top of it. And I'm going to actually give you this file, you know, if you just want it. I'll put it inside the free school community. So, if you take a look at the pinned comments, there's the free school. Tons of free resources in there. The first link will be for the paid school. That's more for people who are trying to spin up like their own AI agency, but like everything you see here will be in the free one, right? Just head there and search for like whatever I title this video. Um, you'll find it there. So, all this is doing is we run this file and it's essentially going to spin up an instance of Cloud Code that's going to execute the first task it sees that isn't completed inside of our PRD. The other thing you're going to need when you do this is a proper PRD file because the script is going to be looking for a PRD.MD. Now, this was the one I created. It was a cananban board for content creators. And I'll show you what it looks like when actually create it from start, but I wanted to take you through like what a completed version looks like. So, you can see, right, it had in this case like 10 different tasks, so to speak. And you can see as it completed them, it actually had a red check mark. So, you can imagine at the beginning they were all blank. And so what it does, right, like we talked about before, it's going to read this thing. The first time it sees one of these boxes unchecked, that's the task it's going to go ahead and attack. So to create this exact sort of PRD, you can create a cloud skill for it. And again, I'll put those files inside of the school. So to do this yourself, just open up a new folder. And then I want you to take those scripts and just dump it into your folder. So you can see right here, I just dumped in the Ralph script. Now note, if it's your first time doing this, you're on like Windows for example, make sure you're in developer mode. If you're in WSL or Linux or Mac, there's nothing else you really need to do. Now, we just want to create our PRD. So, I have the skill. So, I'm just going to do / PRD. Again, skill will be in the community. You can also just copy paste whatever text is in there and just tell Cloud Code to create the skill for you. But, it's just sld and then whatever you're trying to build. So, I just wrote, I want to build a canban board for content creators. It's then going to ask me a series of questions to try to get more information out of it. Now, there's nothing really special about this. You don't have to do my PRD skill. You can just do plan mode inside of Cloud Code if you want to. What is important is that you create a prd file. It has to be prd.mmd, right? That's what this script is looking for. And you have to make sure that it has explicit tasks to complete. So here's a clarifying question. What type of content workflow? Blah blah blah. I just fill these out. And once you answer the questions, it's then going to create the PRD for you. Now, if you use the skill, you will see it also creates the progress.ext file. So again, if you don't use the skill, just make sure you create that on your own. It can be completely blank. And so here's the PRD. And like we said, what are we really looking for? We're looking for the specific user stories, aka tasks, and then the discrete things it needs to do underneath it, right? It needs to initialize the project, set up the database, blah blah blah. We've broken everything down to its like most minute detail. That's what we want. So, that's all you need to do in cloud code. And for the next step, we just have to run the script. And then it's just going to do everything I explained in the first half of the video. Look at each task, try to complete it, spin up a new session. All hands off. Now, to do that, we're just going to open a new terminal. And when you're inside that new terminal, then you're just going to run the script. And right now, it's going to work on the first iteration. And you can pretty much just walk away at this point cuz it's going to go through the whole PRD as many iterations as it needs to per task up to 10. And at the end, you'll be done. Now, as you run the script on this new terminal, this is what it will look like. It will say starting Ralph max 10 iterations. It defaults to 10. If I wanted more iterations after the script, right, after this Ralph script up here, I would have just done like space and then like 20, 30, however many iterations. But the iterations as if they go as planned, you'll see at the end, you'll say there's still 44 incomplete tasks remaining. Iteration for 001 complete, 002 complete. There's more tasks remaining, right? It's just telling you that, hey, I did this. This is what's left. Your real source of truth in this case is going to be the PRD. I have that up right now. And you can see, hey, 001, which was the first task, it completed all the acceptance criteria, it's now moved on to two, and now it's going on to task three. Now, the whole iterations thing can be a little confusing. So, let's say I had 20 tasks and I ran my script and I defaulted to 10 iterations. At most, it's going to complete those 10 tasks, right? That means every single task takes at least one iteration. And if it fails, right, it's going to add another iterate. it's going to attempt another iteration on that task. So, all that to say, if you have like 50 tasks and you really wanted to just like AFK this, like just walk away from your keyboard and come back when you run the script, just tell it that you also wanted to do it like a 100 times. Again, it defaults to 10. You just add that number at the end of the script if you wanted to do more, but this is what it's going to look like. And now, I'll skip ahead and show you what it looks like when it's totally completed. So, here's the camb board it created. Again, this was very simple. This was essentially a oneshot, but it does everything I asked it to, right? We have three boards, ideas in progress done. I can easily drag and drop them. It updates the counter on top when it does. So, I can add them. Right? The point of this video wasn't the project. The point was to show you the Ralph loop. But hey, it actually did what we wanted. And again, it was totally hands-off. So, that's the Ralph loop in a nutshell. And hopefully, you kind of understand the difference between its original implementation and the actual Cloud Code plugin at this point. Now, you're not incorrect using the Ralph Wigum plugin. Just kind of know some of the limitations going in, especially when related to the context window. Now, a question I've gotten a lot since I posted the Get Done video the other day was, should I be using GSD or should I be using the Ralph loops? I don't think you can go wrong with either. They have the same sort of fundamentals when it comes to like breaking things down to discrete tasks and using fresh context windows. Personally, I kind of like GSD a little bit more. I think it does a little bit more handholding for the user. um especially when it comes to you getting in there and testing it hands-on, but it's kind of personal preference. So, let me know in the comments what you thought. You can find all my resources again inside of my school community. There's a link to that in the comments. And as always, I'll see you

=== The New Claude Code Meta ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqmXS8q_2BM

There's a new way to use cloud code if you're a solo developer or somebody who isn't even that technical. And if you watched my last video, you know exactly what I'm talking about. In that video, we took an end automation and turned it into a completely deployed app, front end, backend, authentication, payments, databases, deployment, the whole works. And we did all of that using this brand new framework that allows you to go from idea to finished product in a sustainable, repeatable way that avoids some of the pitfalls that you get into with normal cloud code usage. And that framework is GSD, get done. And today I'm going to break down how it works, why it works, and why I think this is the new meta for solo developers. So what the heck is GSD and why should you care? Well, GSD, get done, is a context engineering orchestration layer that lives on top of cloud code and allows you to better execute specd driven development. Now, that was a whole lot of buzzwords in one sentence. And what that really means is if I have an idea and I take it to claude code and I'm using GSD as well, it's going to do a better job of taking me from idea to deployed app. And it does that in a number of ways. And the first way is in the planning stage. So, this part is pretty similar to normal cloud code. You're going to have a back and forth just like you would in plan mode, and it's going to extract all the information it needs from that very vague prompt you probably started with. From there, it's then going to create a road map which explicitly states all the phases and all the deliverables it needs for each phase to actually execute your plan. Again, not much different from normal cloud code. However, this goes a bit deeper because for each phase, it then breaks down each phase into sub plans. And each sub plan is broken up into two to three atomic tasks. And the real money maker here is in the execution of those atomic tasks because they're run in a fresh sub aent context, which means every single task is given essentially a fresh 200,000 context window to work with. Now, why the heck is that important? Well, that's important because of the phenomenon known as context rot. Now, what is context rot? Well, it essentially means that when I start at the beginning of a context window, no matter how big it is, right, whether that's sonnet or opus or if we're talking some million context window, the tokens at the front end, right, at the first half, and you see that in this graph, are more effective than the tokens at the end. So the longer I use Claude in a single session in the same context window, its efficiency is going to decrease. That's just how it works. There's no ifands or buts about that. Now Claude Code recognizes that. That's what the autocompact buffer is kind of built in to help fix. But we can do better. And that's where this GSD sub aent execution comes in. And this sub aent execution idea, this battle against context rot thing we're talking about, this is the real money maker with GSD. I mean, it's great on one hand that it's going to break everything into phases and it's going to get really granular, but ultimately we care about what's actually going to be outputed, right? I can scaffold these things all I want, tell to do X, Y, and Z, but if I don't get a good output, who cares? This actually affects the output. And GST spells it out right here. Within each phase, we have sub plans. Each sub plan has a maximum of three tasks. And each of those is attacked by a fresh sub agent. Now, let's be honest. Overall, big picture is this going to use more tokens when it comes to creating your app? Totally. Now, there's probably an argument that it's probably less tokens in the long run because we're doing it all up front, but just know that going in. Another nice thing is that we're getting commits immediately after every single completion. Okay, so all that sounds great in theory, right? But what does this actually look like in real life when you try to execute with it? Well, like I alluded to in the intro, I did a video yesterday where we did the full build using cloud code in GSD. I really liked it. If you really want to get granular and see it for yourself, go ahead and check it out. But right now, let's take a look at some of those planning outputs and also show you what it looks like when I'm talking like, oh, there's a phase and then a subplan and then a task. Like, what what am I talking about? What does that really look like? Now, normally when you're working with cloud code, we're talking about some sort of prompt at the beginning, some back and forth, and probably a cloud MD file. Well, with GSD, it's a little bit different. Instead of just one cloud MD file, we're having we have a couple files that are created. The big one is the project file. So that's what I'm looking at right here. This is similar to Claude MD where it's like the one source of truth for what you're actually building. So anytime Claude is, you know, confused or whatever or you start up a new session, you always have this to look at and say, "Hey, this is what we're building. These are the values and these are the key requirements and whether they've been authenticated or not." And when I say whether they've been authenticated or not, that's because this is a living document. You can see it's been updated as validated and these are all the different features we worked on in that previous video and made sure were actually created and tested. It then follows that up with the road map document which is different from the project doc cuz it's more specific. It's like these are the exact phases and exact tasks we need to execute on. So project's more big picture and then road map is more tactical. And then lastly, it has a state document similar to project and roadmap, but this is more of like the source of truth for when you start new sessions or spin them back up again where it says, "Hey, this is the progress. This is what has been done." And by the way, here's some like performance metrics of like how long each thing has taken. Now, let's talk about the phases. And this is where we're getting into like what is actually being executed on and why this kind of differs from a vanilla claw code run. So, for our plan, right, we created essentially like a My Fitness Pal clone type thing. It broke it down into seven phases, right? the foundation where it actually spun up the next.js JS project then we had database and authentication me logging any integration dashboard payments and polish so these were the seven phases and for each phase for example let's take a look at payments for example each phase created a number of plans in this case we have 0601 0602 0603 each plan as you see right here has a number of tasks associated with it now this is written in XML perthropic suggestions we get an objective context. And this is a pretty dense what is essentially a prompt that gets sent to Claude code that's specifying exactly what it needs to execute again on a brand new sub agent. And what I really like about it, if we go all the way to the bottom are the verification criteria, right? So before it's going to declare the plans complete, we need to make sure all this stuff is actually done. It has success criteria and if necessary, it's actually going to pause in the middle of development to say, "Hey, you human being, you need to go verify A, B, and C." And then after you give the thumbs up that the tasks have been complete, it creates a summary file breaking down what it did, what it edited, and it does the commit. And this is the process that it repeats every single phase for each step over and over and over. And so, as you can see, this is a very methodical but repeatable way by which it's going to create your applications. And there's going to be a lot of people out there who say, "Hey, doesn't something like BMAD do this as well?" And the answer is yes. But this is essentially like a streamlined version of those orchestration layers and it's more for solo developer right um Takis who actually created this thing has a great line in here where it's like it's not enterprise theater right we understand that you're just one person you just want some sort of scaffolding around cloud code to make sure it executes the tasks it says it's going to execute in an effective way right we don't have to go overboard necessarily with like too much agile planning stuff right like We just want to get it done. Now, for how you actually install this, it's really easy. Just head to the GitHub, just follow the instructions, right? NPX get done CC and then breaks down how it actually works, right? You just start a new project inside of Cloud Code and like honestly, it walks you through the process and really handholds you along the entire way. So, that ends my evangelizing for GSD. I actually found even found out about it on Reddit a few days ago, honestly, like right around this time. And you can see it's kind of just like gone nuts the last few days. I think it's super cool as someone who definitely is not working with with the team, who's doing solo stuff and loves Claude code, but also does really appreciate again sort of the scaffolding to make sure things are being done the way they should be done in a way that I can also monitor and not just be, you know, some vibe coder throwing prompts into a black box and hoping for the best. This has been a godsend. So, definitely check it out. Give it a star. Let me know in the comments what you think. And as always, I'll see you

=== Claude Code: n8n Workflow to Deployed SaaS (Complete System) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgL-Z6YlHeA

In my last video, I showed you how to use Cloud Code to create any NADN workflow you want. And today, I'm going to show you how to take that same workflow and turn it into a SAS product using Cloud Code. I'm talking front end, backend, authentication, databases, payments, all while talking about security and infrastructure. But the most important part of this video isn't that automation, and it's not even the final SAS product. What's important is the framework I'm giving you so you can go from idea to deployed app consistently and reliably using cloud code. So instead of just throwing a giant prompt at claude and praying we get a good output, I'm going to show you a structured process that gives you control and I'm going to show you a brand new tool that I've been using recently that completely changes how I use cloud code. So this is going to be a dense lesson. We cover a ton of fundamentals about app building along the way. So, let's just get started. So, here's how I'm going to run this video today. First, I'm going to give you an overview explaining where we're starting from, where we're headed, and what sort of the stepping stones are going to be along that journey. Secondly, I'm going to go through the assumptions, what I assume you already know-wise, as well as resources to go to if you aren't as spun up already, as you should be. Third, we're actually going to dive through everything step by step from planning to deployment, so you can follow along and execute the exact same things I am. So overview, what are we actually doing? Well, this video is somewhat of a continuation of my previous video where we created an NAND workflow using claude code in the NAN MCP. The workflow we created is essentially the same one you see here and it's a food logging automation. So you can either tell this application through text or through voice what you have eaten. It's then going to send that to AI. It's going to create an estimate of what you ate, what the macro breakdown was, and then send that information back. Right? So, it's a food logging application and we're going to take this NADN workflow and we're going to turn it into a SAS product. And the end result is going to look like this. We're going to turn it into a full-blown SAS web app. Landing page, analytics, logging, payments, databases, authentication, the full works. Along the way, I'm going to introduce you to the GSD, the get done framework, which has frankly completely changed how I use Cloud Code over the last few days. So, that's the journey we're going on. Now, what are the assumptions? Well, assumption one is that you have this NAND workflow if you want to follow along. If you do not have this workflow, I'm going to link down below in the comments. Head to the free school, just once you're inside there, search the name for whatever this video is called and you'll find this workflow there so you can download it and follow along. Second assumption is that you have some idea of what the heck is going on in Claude Code. If you've never used Cloud Code before, check the link above and in the description. It's my beginner guide to cloud code. It'll get you spun up. So, now that you have a vague understanding of what you're going to be learning today, let's start at the beginning, which is the planning phase. Because while we have our workflow and while we have an idea of kind of what we want, we want to get way more specific. And to do that, we're actually going to step outside of Claude Code and we are going to head to Claude itself, the actual chatbot. And this is where we're going to create our product requirements document, our PRD. A PRD is just a document that explains what the heck we're trying to build and then all the technical specifications around it. Now, we're doing this outside of Claude code to have like a clear delineation between our planning and our execution phase. But the idea is that we are going to talk to Claude and I'm going to give you a special prompt to use with Claude to help create this in order to generate this PRD. And we will then take this PRD, this document into Claude code which explains what we're trying to build. So, we can actually create the app and we're not starting from zero and we're not just hoping Claude fills in the gaps. Now, I've been scrolling along this whole time. There's a lot going on here. Why is that? Well, because there's a lot that goes into an app, right? As I kind of alluded to at the beginning, we need to talk about frontends. We need to talk about backends. We need to talk about authentication. We need to talk about security. We need to talk about databases. We need to talk about payments. And the scary thing about all this is that you person who probably isn't technical. you didn't grow up as a software developer, has no idea a what any of those things mean or b what the answers to any of those questions should be. And this is where this planning prompt comes in. Again, I'm giving this to you. It's going to be inside the free school. And the idea is you take this prompt, you make a custom GBT from it, or you just dump it into Gemini or Claude. And then you have a conversation with AI about what you're trying trying to create. Because this prompt is telling AI, hey, here's sort of some default text stack ideas. here's some default answers, but really it's meant to walk you through the process. So, even if you have no idea what any of this stuff is, it's going to explain it to you and it's going to actually let you make some decisions if you have some decisions in mind. This is super important and I can't stress this enough because if you actually want to get good at building things, it's not enough. It really isn't enough to just go into Cloud Code and just say, "Hey, it's a black box. It does what it does. I don't care. I'm not a coder." That's fine. You aren't a coder and you probably never will be. But you still need to view yourself as a software engineer, as an app architect. You need to understand the fundamentals. You really do. You need to understand what makes an app an app. What is a front end? What is a back end? Right? How do these interact? And this prompt is just the first step in sort of understanding that you're going to get it over time. But you really need to be curious about these things. And so, you're going to take that prompt, you're going to head to Claude, and you are just going to give it a stream of consciousness about what it is you're trying to build. What I highlighted here is exactly that. I literally just opened up a microphone and just blabbed away for like five minutes explaining what I wanted. You can go as deep as you want with this. You can give it screenshots of the type of UI design you want. You can ask it questions, right? And it's going to come back with questions, right? Because this is a back and forth. And after that back and forth, it's eventually going to give you this, right? The the output, the build prompt. And that build prompt is what we see right here. And we're then going to take that into Claude Code. And that's how we're going to start the build process. So, we got our product requirements document. We had our back and forth with Claude. We have a pretty good understanding of what it is we're trying to build and what the technical specifications should look like. Now, it's time to actually build this bad boy. Now, usually what we would do, we just head to Claude Code. We would just put it on plan mode. We give it our document. We just let it go to work. Instead, in this video, I'm going to introduce you to the GSD repo, the get  done, because this actually is a brilliant way for building applications with cloud code from scratch. So, what the heck am I even talking about? I keep talking about this, the get done repo. So, I'm going put a link to it down below in the description, but what this is is it is essentially a context engineering/orchestration layer that lives on top of cloud code. And big picture what this does is it is like planning mode on steroids and it also allows us to deal with the context rot problem inside of cloud code. So uh Chase what the heck is context rot and why should I care about that? Well context rot is the idea that as we use up more and more of a large language models context window in clause case 200,000 tokens the efficiency the efficacy of those tokens over time goes down. What does that mean? It means the longer you use the large language model within the same context window, the worse it gets. Now, this is a problem that Claude and Anthropic already understand and they attempt to combat it using autoco compacting. The idea is as you use up more and more of the context window when you have about 40 tokens less, it's actually going to start a new conversation with essentially a new summary of what you've already done and pass it onto the next window. So, you can kind of start where you left off but with more tokens. And while this works, we can do better, which is where GSD comes in. So, how the heck does GSD work? Well, first we start an idea. So, we spit up a new project and we explain what we're trying to build. Luckily for us, we just did all that and we have a pretty robust plan that we can start with right away. From there, it then creates a road map and comes up with phases. So, it takes our idea, breaks it out into distinct phases, and within each phase, it breaks that down into a number of distinct tasks. Now, this is great for planning, but this is really where we deal with a context rot problem because for each task, it opens up a new sub agent and each sub aent has a fresh 200,000 context window. That way, we aren't dealing with context rod at all as we attack each task. If you compare that normally with cloud code, it instead is using its full window to attack essentially everything at once. And again, while it does attempt to combat that rot with autocompacting, this gets around that entirely. although it does come at a cost and we'll talk about that later. It then goes through and knocks out each task step by step. It commits after every single task completion. It makes sure it has built-in testing. So each phase use the human goes in and confirms things are working. And overall it gives us a sustainable repeatable way to create SAS products from an idea to a deployed app. And this is the framework we're going to use inside of Cloud Code today. A lot of it will make more sense as we go through it step by step, but again I think it's just really cool. This was at under 500 stars yesterday. It's almost at 700. A really clever um elegant framework. And so to install this, all you're going to do is you're going to copy this, right? MPX get done. And then you're just going to open up your terminal and you're going to paste that in there and it will install it. Once you do that, you can spin up another terminal and just open up cloud. So to start, I'm going to make sure my NAN MCP server is connected. And after I do that, I'm just going to do forward slashgsd new project. It's then going to ask you what do you want to build. I just wrote below as a write up of what I want to build. The NAND workflow in question is already in the codebase. You can see it over here on the left, right? We only have two files in here. And then I just pasted in that PRD that we created inside of Claude. And then I'm just going to let it go to work. Now, it's going to ask you a number of questions during this phase, like if you could only nail one thing perfectly, what it would be. Just answer truthfully. It's trying to figure out what your priorities really are. It's also going to ask you how do you want to work interactively or yellow. Understand if you go yellow, it's still going to ask for your approval when you go through certain phases and certain steps. So don't think it's just going to go nuts and you're going to have no interaction whatsoever. So for this we're just going to go yolo. For depth we'll do standard. So once it finishes this step, you'll see it says project initialize and then it created a project.md file. Now you can find the project MD file over here on the lefth hand side under the planning section. And if we click on it and you'll see this right here. This is what is our sort of source of truth for what it is we're actually building. This is similar to the PRD but it's been edited to be sort of like cloud code specific. But again goes through everything including like hey here are the key decisions we need to make here's some of the constraints it talks about schemas context out of scope all this stuff but this is what cloud code's going to be looking at whenever it asks hey what exactly are we building again right this is similar to a cloud MD file and the next thing you'll see it says hey here's what's next up we need to create the road map and it's also going to tell you hey first do slash clear to create a fresh context window so again this kind of goes into that context rot thing every single time we do a new step what we're going to do is it's going to give us the new command. So in this case, create road map. So I'm going to copy it and then we're going to clear the context window. That way we have the full context window scope to actually attack this next problem. So I do clear, I paste in the new command, GSD create road map, and it's going to get to work. And that cadence of execute a step, get the new command, clear the context window, start the new step. That's kind of how it's going to go for the rest of this video, right? execute, clear, execute. Every single point on the road map when we need to do something else, we want every token at our disposal. Now, the road map, and that's what we're looking at here, is a breakdown of how we're actually going to execute this build. So, in our case, it's broken it down into seven phases. You can see right, we have the foundation, the database, the meal logging, everything down to the polish. And then we'll break down each phase with key deliverables it needs to execute on. And then it even looks at like, hey, do we need to do research? Do we need to like use our web search tools to like actually find out information about these things? But again, this is a document that Claude can always take a look at and see, hey, what do I need to build and what has already been built? And speaking of that, we have the state document. And this is even more specific as to like where we are progress-wise. And this also gives you some like velocity indicators, aka how long is all this taking? But taken together the project, the road map and the state, this is all about context. So no matter where you are in the project or whether you stop in the middle of it, you come back weeks later, Claude always knows where it is and where it's going. And you combine that with the fact that hey, we're using sub agents every step of the way for full context window. We have a very very like robust system for builds. So now we can move on to phase one, which is where cloud code is going to build the foundation, which is the next.js JS set up the design system in the component library. So the command that we will be using first is GSD plan phase 1. So I'm just going to copy this, paste it, and then again I'm going to clear the context window. Paste the command and it's going to go to work. So you're probably asking why are we planning phase 1? Didn't we do that in the road map? Well, it's going even more detailed because the road map gave us the phase 1 key deliverables. Now, it's going to take those key deliverables and break them up into discrete tasks for Claude Code. Again, you're seeing this over and over with this GSD setup is that we have the big picture and then we just get the scope tighter and tighter and tighter till eventually we're telling Claude code to do this one exact thing. And by doing that over time, that's how we're able to build these apps. So, after about a minute or two, it should be done creating the phase 1 plan. And you can see here inside the terminal, it tells us exactly what is going to be done. So phase 1 has two plans, 0101 and 0102 to be completed sequentially. And then underneath each plan are the discrete tasks. It's going to go ahead and execute. And again, it gives us the exact plan we're going to execute. So we just copy this command. We clear the context, paste the command, and now it's going to go to work. Now, this is the perfect time if you're brand new to the stuff to actually go over here to the left and take a look at the plans themselves. So I'm looking at the 0101 plan. Right here it explains in clear terminology what it's doing. So it's going to create a next.js15 project with tailwind CSS and Chadson UI configured with macrovoice design tokens. Macrovoice is the name of our product. What's the purpose? We're establishing the product foundation and design system infrastructure all features depend on and then it's telling us what the output is. Right? Again I'm going to keep harping on it. You need to start understanding what the heck is going on. Do you need to know the syntax? Right? All right. Do I need to know like what all this means? Not really. But you do need to know this. You do need to understand the objective and what the purpose is of each step. Okay. Now, it just finished the 01 01 plan. So, it just completed its first three set of tasks. What are you going to see? Well, right away you'll get a message that says plan 0101 complete. It adds a summary file. So, if I come back up here to the left, you see where we had 001 plan. There's now a 001 summary. And that's what I pulled up right here. And what this is doing, it's telling you, hey, this is everything we completed. It gives you the commit because every single time we finish a task, it's going to actually commit that update. Now, this isn't going to be a lesson about Git and how Git works, but again, if you're serious about building things with AI, you need to understand Git. By understanding it, I mean, go watch a 10-minute YouTube video on Git, right? Claude understands it, but you should understand what a Git commit is, what people say when they say, "Hey, just push that to GitHub. What's a pull request?" Those sort of things. But long story short, outside the scope here, just know that when it says, "Hey, it committed this," it essentially like added a save point to your project. And so the summary files says everything it did, adds some notes, confirms the verification of the tasks. It specifies, hey, if there were any deviations from the plan, and then it also writes out, you know, sort of the new files. Again, what is this giving Claude? It's giving it context if it ever loses its step. Then it tells us what's next up. All right, next is going to be 0102. So, what are we going to do? We're going to copy the command and then we're going to clear. We also have the ability to actually review what was done if we want to. But, so at this point, you get the cadence, right? I've just like bang this in your head 10 million times. Complete the task, get the command, clear the context window, get the task. Now, what's going to happen for the rest of the video is I'm going to run through a lot of this offscreen so we're not just sitting here for 10 minutes waiting for me to go through all the tasks. But we are going to stop at a number of points. Every single phase we will stop. Every single phase I'll explain what's happening. I'm just not going to do it for every single actual task for both of our sanities. However, caveat understand this is one of the quote unquote costs of the GSD system, the GSD framework. Normally, if we just did this vanilla cloud code, we would have given it that prompt, ask a couple questions, and would have just gone off to the races. Right? So, this is at the beginning a lot slower because we're much more methodical about how we build. Now, there is 100% an argument that says this is actually faster longterm because we're going step by step. We're making sure things work. And as you will see, there's a lot of checkpoints where we actually test things versus just letting Claude create something and then we test it after the fact. The second cost, which is very much a true cost, is that this is also more token intensive, right? Because it's much more methodical and the sub aent usage. Now, it's not so crazy that if you're in like a 20x plan or the 5x max plan that you're just going to like burn through everything, but just know that's a real cost. So, I'm going to move forward with the next task and I'll bring you in in a second. So, I moved on to the 0102 task and as this finished up, now we're nearing the end of phase one, the foundation phase. I reached this, which was a checkpoint. Now, this will automatically pop up inside your terminal. And what this means is that you're at the end of some phase, some point in the build process where you the person actually needs to go and see if all this is working. Right? In this case, GSD cla code is telling us, hey, I automated all these things and I want you to verify the following stuff, right? I want you to verify really like the UI layout and if this all makes sense to you. And it gives you step-by-step processes of how to do that. So, we're going to run a dev server and we're just going to check on local host. So this terminal right here has Cloud Code running. You know, you can always change the name of these terminals to keep yourself in check, but oftentimes you're going to want three terminals up when you're doing this. You want one for Cloud Code, you want one for your dev server, and then you're going to have a third one for Enro. And we'll get to Enro later when we do some more testing, but we want to do the dev server first. So it's telling us to do PNPMdev. So to verify this, I'm just going to copy that. I'm in a new terminal, right? I just click the plus button here. I'm not inside of Cloud Code when I do this, but I just put in that uh command. And so what's happening right now is it's creating a dev server and it is here at localhost 3001. So I'm just going to go to this uh website. So this is the web page it brought us to. This is what Cloud Code has built so far. Now remember, it's only executed a handful of tasks. So the purpose here isn't to look at this and be like, "This is terrible. Why isn't it working?" The purpose of this is just look at this page in development, go back to cloud code, and then verify everything it's telling you to verify. Right? In this case, it's the layout, it's the sidebar items, it's the dashboard page. Right? This is also a place where even if it's verified, if you don't like it, you can totally tell it here and now, hey, change X, Y, and Z. For me personally, for this video, I like to wait till the end once the functionality is working to do a lot of UI changes. So, really, I'm just making sure that, hey, it did what it said, okay? Okay. And it's only done so much. Now, of note, localhost 3001. What the heck does that mean? That just means that this isn't actually on the internet right now. This is actually hosted on our computer. Okay, that will kind of become a problem later because remember, we need to talk to things that are out on the internet like Stripe, you know, like Superbase, like Naden. How are we going to do that? That's where Angro will come in. Hang uh hang on to that one. But just know this is a thing. Now, of note, you will notice I'm on localhost 3001. Often times, Claude Code will assume, as you see here, that you're on localhost 3000. That's the default one, but I'm running some other stuff, which is why it pushed to 3001. If you are not on localhost 3000 and you're on 3001, make sure you tell Cloud Code this, and that's what I'm going to do. But at this point, what are your tasks? When you get to a verification required checkpoint, just do what it says, right? Again, you can ask questions at any point in time. You can have it adjust things if you want. But the purpose here is just some testing, right? So we don't move forward onto another phase when some sort of foundational piece just isn't where it should be. So I told it I'm on 3001, not 30,000. And then I told it it was approved. So after I told it it was approved, we have now completed phase one. And the foundation, all the sort of building blocks and layout things we need for our project is there. It's complete. Now we're going to move on to phase two which is databases and authentication. And this is where superbase is going to come in. So we're going to do the plan phase. So it gave us this command. We'll clear the context window. And as it's doing this, I'm going to explain to you what the heck the databases and authentications even gives us. Like what's the point of this? So authentications, databases. Remember what are we building here, right? We're building this, you know, this wannabe my fitness pal food logger thing. So obviously we need a database to store the data, right? databases. It's just where data lives. Now, authentication also plays into that piece because if I want this to be a SAS product, if I want to make money with it, I need users. Users need login. Users have their own specific data that only they should see. Other users shouldn't see their data. So, databases, authentications, and security all kind of go in handtoand, and that's something we're going to tackle in this particular phase. And my go-to spot for anything authentication or database related is going to be Superbase. Now, great thing about Superbase, they have a very generous free tier. So, everything you see here today can be done for zero whole dollars and it will handle the databases and it will handle the authentication for us, which is just great. And so, what I need you to do is I need you to head to Superbase. I need you to create an account and then create a new project. So, you can call this new project whatever you want. I'll just call mine YouTube GSD. Give it some sort of password and then create the new project. Now, just have this page up and ready to go because Claude Code is going to give us a bunch of instructions for what we're going to need to grab from Superbase. So, right on Q, Claude Code has come back with the phase 2 breakdown. It has plans for O21 and 0202. So, what's here for the first part? We're going to do our Superbase setup. We're going to have the schema and RLS. So, this is all about getting the databases ready to go. And then the second step, O2, is going to be all about the authentication, the verification, and making sure that actually shows up on the website the way it should. At this point, I can also click on the plan to get a more detailed view of what's going on, but I'm happy with it. So, what am I going to do? Copy command. Clear. Execute. Okay. So, I jumped ahead a little bit and we're now at another verification point. So, it's completed all of its tasks for the database and authentication setup. Now, we need to actually go into Superbase, set up some connections, and then actually test it all out on our local host. and it breaks down exactly what we need to do in both the prerequisites and then sort of the testing authentication flow. So first step we need to create a subbase project. We already did that. Next we need to get our project URL and our a nonkey and we need to copy it to AMv.local file. Now you'll notice here on the left it created av.local.example file and it didn't create the EMV.local file. So I'm actually just going to copy this this example one. paste it in there and then we can just rename it. So we now have a EMV.local file. What this file does is this is a place where we keep our secrets so our project can work but they're not going to be exposed to anybody. So what we need to grab is we need to grab our public superbase URL and the anon key. So to do that we're going to hop inside of Superbase. So I'm going to go to project settings on the left. I'm going to then go to API keys and then I'm going to go to legacy anon and service role API keys. the anon public key. You're going to copy this guy. Come back into cloud code and paste that where it says anon key. Next, we need our URL. So, go back to Superbase. Go up to connect at the top header. Go to app frameworks. And then the public superbase URL is right here. Copy that. Paste it in there. Save it. And you're done. Next, we need to run the SQL migrations in the Superbase SQL editor. This is just the code that creates our databases for us. So, if I just control-click on this, it will bring it up over here on the left. And you'll see I have initial schema and then RLS and trigger. So, I'm going to need to run both of these. So, on initial schema, alls I'm doing is I'm just going to copy everything in this file. And then I'm going to go back to Superbase, go to the left, go to SQL editor, paste that in there. I'm going to hit run. And then it should say success. No rows returned. And then I'm going to repeat that for the next one. RS. Copy. paste. Run. All set. And so we've done the first three prerequisites. We can actually set up Google OOTH if we want instead of just doing your standard like just put in your email and password. That's optional. I'm not going to waste my time on that now, but it's something I could do later. So now we're actually going to go in and test all of this. So you know, it gives you the command again if you uh forgot. I'm here inside of my dev server terminal. So you can reset this if you want. So if you do control C, that will actually shut down the dev server. And if you just do the command again, it will bring it back up. So if for whatever reason like your dev server is being funky, just always try shutting it down and spinning it back up. And so if I head to localhost 3001, here is our sign-in page. Now remember how I said we aren't connected to the internet, so we might run into issues here. Well, this will still work with Superbase with a caveat. If you're on localhost 3000, it will work automatically, but if you're on 3001 or some other number like me, you have to make an edit in Superbase. So, inside of Superbase, if you go to authentication, and then over here on the left, you go to URL configuration, right? This will default to localhost 3000. Um, but we're just going to put 3001 here. You probably just stay at 30,000, so you're fine. I'm not. So, once I save that, now when I come back here, this should work. So, we're going to try it out. So, we went to create an account, added all my stuff. Let's see what happens. All right. Um, it says to check my email. So, we'll check the email and I did in fact get a confirmation email. So, I'll confirm it and hey, would you look at that? It actually logged me in. Now, we can head to Superbase and actually confirmed all this happened. So, if I go into Superbase, I go to database, I go to profiles, we can see, hey, here is the user we just added. And so, it looks like the login functionality essentially works. But I will notice there is no like log out button. So, this would be a great time to go back into cloud code and actually state that. So, that's what I I told Claude, "Hey, everything looks good, but we're missing the sign out button." And we can now see the sign out button over here on the left. And it works. And so that wraps up phase two, which is databases and authentication. The one other thing I wanted to talk about real quick, and you probably saw it inside of the SQL code, was this thing called rowle security. What does rowle security mean? Long story short, it means that the user can only see their data, right? Different users can't just see whatever data they want. Now, we can move on to phase three, which is the meal logging. So now we're starting getting sort of like the meat and potatoes of this application, right? If we look at the planning um where are we? We're in phase three. So we have meal logging. Then phase four will be the NAND integration. So this first part is pretty much like how does this look to the user, right? And then phase four is where we bring in the Naden side. And that's where we're also going to start talking about things like Enro, right? And how do we expose this to the internet so we can do some testing on things. So I'm going to run through the plan phase. I'm going to run through the tasks and then I'll see you when it's time to go through the verification step. I just jumped ahead a little bit. I'm now at the end of phase three. So, it's gone through all the task of phase three, doing all the meal logging stuff on the web page side. Now, it's time for the checkpoint, the human verification. Did it do what it actually said it's going to do. So, again, just like before, we're going to go through all the steps together. I'm going to explain what the heck it just built, and then we're going to probably do a little troubleshooting. So, now we're just going to verify everything it's telling us. And really, what we're verifying is does it actually log the food when we put it in there, both in voice and text. So, we're going to restart the dev server and then we're going to run npm rundev. So, here I am uh cancel it out. So, control c npm rundev. And now it's up and running. And let's see if we can actually log a meal. So, I'll go to log meal on the left. Right. What did I eat? Um I don't know. We'll just say two eggs. And we'll see what happens. Truthfully, I assume it won't work. So should you. So I submitted it. It says analyzing. This may take a moment. This should be almost instantaneous, right? It shouldn't take a long time. This should take like 1 second max. So obviously something's not working here. So what are we going to do? We're just going to go tell cloud code to cloud code. I explained the problem and I also gave it some suggestions. So I specifically said the mule logging is not working. We probably need some combination of enrock and a review of the neen workflow itself. Use the NEN MCP server to check/edit the NAND workflow as needed. By the way, here's the Enrog information. Now, right away, you're probably saying, "Enro, what? How how would I ever know how to do this on my own?" Well, let me explain. So, what is Enro? Kind of alluded to this before. It's what allows us to essentially take our locally hosted server, our locally hosted web app that's on our computer, and expose it to other things online, say Stripe, say Nad, right? We're going to give it essentially a temporary URL. We do that for free using Enro. It's actually pretty easy to do. So if you've never used Enro inside of Cloud Code, just say, "Hey, I think we should set up Enro. Can you walk me through it?" It's going to have you create a account and it's going to give you an authentication token. It's very very simple. From there, what you do, you create a new terminal. So over here on the right, you see I have a terminal called Enro. And you're just going to use the command enro space http space whatever you know local host you're using. So in my case it's 3001. It's probably 3000 for you. But it's that simple. When you do that you will if you're in Windows at least it will pop up an additional terminal that looks like this right? And it specifies hey here's the session account. Here's the account. Here's the new HTTP. Right? This is the URL right here. It's kind of hard to see but that's the URL that's now pointing to our local host. So, Enro is one piece of the puzzle. So, we actually exposed this, you know, testing server to things on the web. Now, the other part of the equation was NADN. We told it to take a look at our edit workflow and see what's going on and make edits as needed using the MCP server. You should be doing this manually as well. If there's some issue with the underlying logic, go to your workflow, go to executions. In this case, there are no executions, which means in our macro voice test server, no data is getting sent here. So, that's the real problem. So, we're going to bring this information to Cloud Code and just let it go to work and continue its troubleshooting. So, after having that back and forth with Claude Code, telling it about Enro, telling it to take another work of the NN workflow, we got it working. We put in whatever we just ate, in this case, 10 eggs, right? And it actually comes back completed. Now, uh, behind the scenes, this actually was more of a pain in the pain in the butt for me cuz I had a few end workflows with a similar name and it was using the wrong one at first. So, always make sure when you're going through the troubleshooting steps, especially if you're running through NN, that you take a look at it yourself. The next step was to test the voice. So, I just clicked the voice button. In this case, I said, "Hey, I just had two eggs with toast." And you can see that reflected right here. So, our verification for this step is that, hey, thumbs up. It's working. We can move on to the next phase. And luckily for us, we're already done with phase four after knocking phase three out of the park because phase four was all about N&N integration. But, as you saw, we pretty much covered all of that already. So, we just get to move straight ahead into phase five. But I spoke a little too soon cuz there is one thing we can do before we move on to phase five. And your cloud code may have already done this for you, but I wanted to talk about it really quickly. And that is the naden web hook configuration. So, this is going to be in our.local file. You can manually add this itself if you haven't already, but this is sort of just adding another layer of security and another layer of authentication for when our um two programs, our web app and nnn are talking to one another. And to do that, you're just going to add a NAND web hook URL and an N8N web hook secret. And you're just going to add them. Now, there's two places you can find these. So, you're going to go into your NAN workflow. And again, you can also tell tell Cloud Code to do this for you. But to find the web hook trigger, you're just going to go to the web hook trigger on the front end. Go to production URL and copy this. And then for the secret, if we go to the last part, the send to callback node, and I click on that. If you scroll down, you can enter it right here on the X web hook secret. That easy. And again, the MCP server will execute this on your behalf. So now we've shifted over to phase five. And phase five is all about this analytics dashboard that we want to create for our application. We want this one-stop shop that can show you from like, you know, what's happening that day over the last week, last month, like year-to- date type things. We're talking like visual graphics. This isn't necessarily where we want to log our stuff. This is just like the cool visual stuff. So that's what we're going to be executing. It's knocked it out in three plans and each plan has three to four different tasks it's going to execute. And you can see here when we get to 0502, that's when we're going to have the visual verification checkpoint. So, let's let it go to work and we'll see how it does when we get to the checkpoint. Oh, and a nice little tip with GSD. If you ever accidentally uh close out of all your terminals like I just did, if you do /gs GSD progress, it will essentially figure out where you were, show you the context, and route you to the next action, which is really nice. And again, it's why it's so methodical and laborious about all these like planning document, summary document, context document, like you know, state, road map. So in case something like this happens, you really don't lose your place. Okay, we've now gotten to the checkpoint in phase five, which is the dashboard phase. So what's it telling us to do? Well, it's telling us, hey, head your local host and kind of just take a look at the analytics dashboard and tell me what's going on and if you like it. So let's do that. So here's the dashboard. We have today's calories, a breakdown in macros. We can set our daily goals and then we even have like sort of a calorie trends over time. Um, it'd be interesting to see if we could have some, you know, fake data thrown in here. So, I'm actually going to ask Claude code to see if we can toss in some fake data over the last like 30, 90 days or even year to date to kind of see what we get. So, I told Claude I wanted that fake data to test everything. And it gave me some of this code to just put into the console and essentially just mimic data actually being there. It walked me through it step by step and then we can see here it actually worked and we can kind of see you know these trends over time over year to date 90day 7-day and then 24hour and so again this is where if you wanted to add things to the dashboard if you wanted to change like how it all looked this is where you would go to cloud code and do that again I know the UI is hideous I'm worried about the functionality we'll do a full-blown UI overhaul at the end so I gave Cloud Code the thumbs up here so we're just going to keep on pushing so at this point we should have finished up phase five which was the dashboard. And now we can move on to everybody's favorite phase, which is number six, and that's payments. Namely, we're going to be connecting Stripe so you can actually start making some money. So, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to get it to work on the plan. And while it does that, we're going to hop into Stripe. I'm going to assume you've already made an account and we're going to kind of get a lay of the land so you can understand what's coming your way. So, why do we use Stripe instead of any other program? Well, you can use whatever program you like, but Stripe has a ton of documentation. Tons of people use it, so it's really easy for AI to guide you in your Stripe journey. Now, all you have to do is make an account and then just head to the dashboard. Now, right away, you should notice a banner up top that says, "You're testing in a sandbox. Changes you make here won't affect your live account." When we're doing testing, we don't want to have a live Stripe server up the whole time, and every time we want to see if something works, we give it real money, right? No. So, when you go into Stripe and you create an account, what you're going to do is you're going to create a sandbox that we can test in. So on the main page, you just come over here to the left. You go to switch sandbox. You're probably in the default sandbox at first, but just create a new sandbox. Now once you create that new sandbox, just switch to it. In this case, I'm in GSD1. And you'll know you're in the right place. Again, you have this banner on top that says, "Hey, we're just testing." Now, Cloud Code is going to guide us to a large part of this process. But the common theme with Stripe is we're going to need to set up web hooks, and we're going to need a ton of API keys. You already see a couple here, like the publishable key, the secret key. We're going to have to create a new product. We're going to need to get the price ID. So, it is kind of tedious, but again, AI knows what it's doing. When in doubt, tell it, hey, make sure you use your web search so you have all the up-to-date data. But in this video, we'll go through it step by step so you don't get lost along the way. Now, Cloud Code should come back with a plan that looks something like this. There should be a fair amount of work that needs to be done because it's not just as simple as adding a, you know, checkout button. like this is tied to account upgrades and one person who's on a free account, one person who's on a pro account is going to have different things they can see and use, right? So, we're not just adding Stripe. We're going to be adjusting things in Superbase and there'll be some UI changes depending on the plan they're on as well. So, let's knock it out. We're going to start with plan 0601 and we'll come back when it's time to do some verification and add some uh web hooks and codes. Now, right away when we start the execution process, it's telling us that we need to create a Stripe product. We need to add the price and we need to grab some keys. So, we are going to head to the dashboard. We're going to make sure in our sandbox and we're going to go and add a product. So, I'm going to go to the product catalog on the left. We're going to go ahead and we're going to create a product. We'll just call this macro test. Give it whatever description you want. We'll just repeat the name. For the pricing, we'll make it, you know, $9.99, blah blah blah, whatever you want, right? In this case, it's going to be monthly. We're going to add our product. Next, we're going to click on our product. And then I want you to click on the actual price, the $9.99 over here on the top right. It's kind of hiding from us. This is our price ID. So, you're going to copy this. We're then going to head back into Claude Code. We're going to head to ourv.local file again. Remember, that's where all our keys go. And we're going to paste in the Stripe price ID key. Now, if you don't see this in there already, the stripe price ID, just tell cloud code, hey, update my local file so I can put all these keys there. So, first is the price ID. Next, we need to get our Stripe secret key and the publishable key. Now, to get those two keys, they're actually right here. If we go to the homepage over here on the right under API keys, publishable key, copy it, paste it, it should start with PK test, and then do the same for the secret key. Again, the secret key should also start with sk test. And in our case, we're going to tell cloud code to continue. Now, it's time to actually test out the Stripe checkout process. So, again, we're going to head to the dev server and we're going to try to upgrade our account and see if it works. So, right away, you can see some changes in the dashboard. It's telling me that, hey, you're on the free tier. You have 15 out of 15 logs remaining. And we have a nice little button to upgrade to pro. So, we're going to click on it. And so, that brings us to this page. For the card information, just put in 42424242. Um, put some sort of date that's in the future. Whatever else you want. It doesn't actually matter. We just want to see if this works. Oh, I should probably put a zip code. Again, numbers don't matter. Hit subscribe. Let's see if it redirects us properly. So, it redirected us back to the dashboard and says, "Hey, welcome to Pro. You're all set." Now, you'll notice it still shows this free tier button. And if we head back into Cloud Code, it specifically says, "Note, the subscription won't update in the database." That's going to come in the next execution process in 0602. But hey, the checkout flow is working. So, this is great. So, we knocked out everything in this checkpoint. So, we're going to tell it approved and continue on. So, now we've moved ahead to the next checkpoint where we're going to be adding the web hook inside of Stripe. Now, Cloud Code may prompt you to use the Stripe CLI. I personally haven't had a great time trying to use the Stripe CLI. So, if it does that, you can attempt to do so or you can tell it, "Hey, just run me through how to do it manually through the dashboard." And that's what I'm going to show you now. So, what we're going to do is we're just going to head to the web hooks section. So, head to Stripe. In the search bar, just go for web hooks. We're going to do create a web hook. We're going to do your account. And here is where we're going to set up the events um that are being connected to it. So inside of cloud code, it will tell you the events we need to add. So it's going to be customer subscription created, updated, and deleted. So inside of here, customer subscription created, customer subscription deleted, and customer subscription updated. So once you add those, you'll hit continue. We're going to do web hook endpoint. And this is where we're going to add our endpoint URL. Now cloud code should give you the endpoint URL to use. It's going to be that Enro URL we've been using followed by /appi/stripe/webhook. Now a note on enrock. If you shut down your enrock terminal, you're going to have to start enro up again. It's going to have a new URL. So keep that up and running as we're doing all this testing. But just know for whatever reason you shut it down, it's going to spin up a new URL for you when you do that. Then we just hit create destination. Now once you create the web hook, you'll get to this page. You'll see a signing secret. Go ahead and copy this. And there should be a spot for your Stripe web hook secret. Again, if there's not, you can manually add it or tell Cloud code to do it itself. So, it says Stripe web hook secrets equals paste it in. Now, we move towards the next checkpoint where it's going to ask us to verify if this web hook syncing is actually working. And so, to test that web hook, what we're going to do is we're going to upgrade to Pro again. And we're going to check our database inside of Superbase to see if it actually upgraded us to Pro. Because remember, even though we upgraded to pro when we tested out the Stripe splash page, if I go into Superbase right now, we can see that my subscription tier still shows free. So, we need to change that. So, again, I'm going to upgrade to pro. Same process as before. Subscribe with the fake number. And it brings us back to the dashboard. We get the welcome to pro sign. There's no longer any button that says, "Hey, do you want to upgrade to Pro?" And when I look at the dashboard, I do need to refresh it there. But when we look at the database, we can see the subscription tier is now on Pro. So that whole process of upgrading the account and making sure everything gets updated properly across the web app is looking good. And I know this might seem kind of tedious, but you can't screw this part up, right? We have to make sure payments work properly. And that's why we're taking so much time here. So I tell Claude code approved and I'll see you at the next checkpoint. So for our very last checkpoint in the payment stage, it wanted us to verify the usage tracking and limit enforcement on the pro versus free plan, right? to make sure that free users could only do 15 logs at the time, and the pro users pretty much had unlimited access. It looked good on my end, so I'm going to push it to approved. That way, we can now move on to the seventh and final phase of our build, the polish phase. So, here's what's happening in phase 7. The plan is broken up into three parts. The first part is the settings page, so the user can actually see what's going on with their profile. Second is the landing page, and then third is some proper UI polish. And again, we can at this point, you've probably messed with the UI yourself, and that'll be like one of the last things we do in this video. So, the plan looks good to me, so I'm going to let Claude go forth and conquer. So, now we're inside of phase 7, the polish phase, and this is where we're having it create the landing page. So, it told us, hey, we created the landing page. Go take a look. And so, here's what it created for us. And honestly, don't like it at all. Right? We have this really odd sidebar on the left. like the stuff on here makes sense, but it's very bland and it's very AI, right? We can do way better than this. So, when we were going through the Stripe section, I thought, hey, their UI actually looks pretty good. So, I just took a screenshot of it. I dumped it into Claude code and said, hey, I don't like our landing page. Let's kind of do something closer to Stripe. And then I also told it, I want you to use the Claude front-end skill to help you redesign the landing page. Now, what are Claude skills? Well, Claude's skills are essentially just like special prompts that Claude can use to help execute certain tasks. The cool thing about skills is they live outside the project, so they don't clog up the context window, but they're really e they're really cool and really effective. And so, if you do slashplugin, well, if you do slug, you're going to get access to the anthropic marketplace. And one of the things you'll see there is the front-end design skill. Now, this skill essentially, well, terminal's going crazy. This skill is essentially something that allows Claude code to make better UIs that don't look like AI slop. So this prompt I just gave it a gave an example of what we're going for. But now I told it straight up use that front-end design skill. So let's see what it actually comes back with. And as a note, is this something we could have done at the beginning? Yes, totally. I just tend to do it at the end because I like to make sure the functionality works. But I figured, hey, why not? I don't think I can look at this disgusting [laughter] landing page any longer. So, let's see what it comes back with, which frankly was a fairly vague prompt. So, after some back and forth, we landed on this UI, which I think is a huge upgrade. We went from sort of like a really dark, bland green mode to a more light mode with sort of like these uh orange um accents and we applied it to every single part of our application. So obviously the login has been changed and all these things. Now you're probably asking me what was the exact prompt you use to get it to do this. All I pretty much told it is it was like probably three or four back and forth and I just said hey use your front-end design tool. I said I wanted something that looked was sort of like a linear style and that I wanted to be more light mode. And again I kept hammering use the front-end design skill. So there was no secret prompt that did this. It was just some back and forth. And like I said, this is pretty impressive and it changed every single page and the functionality still works. And now that we got the front end design and landing page where we want, we're pretty much done creating our application. We've knocked out all seven phases. And now we move into the deployment part. Now, for the deployment part, it's going to be it's going to be sort of a two-step process. We're going to push all this code to GitHub. And then from GitHub, we're then going to deploy it to Verscell. And Verscell is going to give us an actual URL. So you can go ahead and visit this web page. Now all you have to do is tell cloud code that hey I'm ready to actually go through the deployment process. I want to do it in GitHub and then I want to move to Verscell and it's going to show you and tell you exactly what you need to do. Now remember there are some things we're going to have to edit here, right? Because throughout this entire process we've been in a development server. We've been using Enraph. We've been on our local host. That's not going to be the case anymore. So there's going to be places where we have to go ahead and update things. Think of like your Stripe stuff, right? You're gonna have to go outside of the sandbox, go to your main account, and start using real API keys to get real money. But the nice thing is Cloud Code knows all this, right? And it's going to walk you through it step by step. And in this video, I'm going to show you the GitHub part. I'm going to show you the versel deployment and get you to that stage. So, first thing we're going to do, we need to create a new GitHub repository. And then we're just going to tell it, hey, here's what the repo is. And it's going to push it to it for us. Now, if you've never been to GitHub before, just go to github.com. It's totally free. Create an account and then on the main page where it says repositories, we're just going to create a new repository. A repository is just where your code lives. You can call it whatever you want. We'll call this guy macrovoice. We'll set it to private for now. And then we'll create it. At this point, all you have to do is just copy the URL up top, right? So, for me, it's github.com username/macrovoice. go to cloud code and tell it that's what the repo URL is. So the GitHub repo is blah blah blah blah blah blah send it as a prompt and it will go to work. It's then going to automatically push that code and if I refresh that page you can see here is all of our information. Now we don't have a readme right here. A readme is essentially just like a set of instructions or like an overview of what you built. Our repo is on private, so we're the only people going to see it. But you can have Cloud Code create a readme, and it will upload it just like it did everything else. Next up, we need to do our Versell deployment. So, you're going to head to versel.com. Again, totally free. You're going to create a new account, but make sure you create that account using your GitHub credentials. So, those two accounts are linked. From there, we're going to go to add new project. And you can see right here, since it's connected to my GitHub account, it already sees that repo. So, I'm going to hit import. It'll bring you to this page. And what we want to do is we need to pass some of our environment variables. So obviously we have a number of environment variables. And when I talk about environment variables, I'm talking about the NEMV.local file, right? And alls we have to do is you just copy all this, come back here, paste it, and it's going to automatically put in all of them. So we have our public superbase stuff, all these things. Now remember, we're going to have to update some of these eventually, like for example, the public URL, right? That's on Enrog. And then our Stripe keys, but we can always do that after the fact. And from here, we're just going to hit deploy. Now, don't be afraid if when you hit deploy, there's some sort of deployment error. We're going to treat that like every other error. We're just going to bring it back to Cloud Code, and it's going to edit what it needs to to make sure we can get this up and running. But lucky for us, it deployed perfectly on the first attempt. So, we're just going to continue to dashboard. And once we get here, we have the domain. So this is the no kidding URL that you can share with someone and it's actually on the web now. You aren't tied to this domain forever. You can change this for your real domain if you want to. Now I mentioned a little bit earlier that you will have to update some environment variables when you go live like Sprite for example. To get to those places, it's really easy. Up top here, you'll see there's a settings button. And then if I go to environment variables, it brings me right here and I can easily edit these as needed. And so now you're just going to head back to Cloud Code, tell it you deployed to Verscell, and it's going to give you a checklist of like how you can update those environment variables when you're ready. There's nothing secret or crazy about doing that. It's literally the exact same steps. Then there's a final step what you can do if you want. It's part of the GSD framework is you just tell it, hey, I want to log a milestone. And that essentially caps all the work you've done and logs it as like V 1.0, right? Like this is our MVP, gives you some stats of like what we've done, right? 7600 lines of code. It archives all of this into the road map so it knows what we've done so far. And it also writes down the remaining deployment tasks, which in our case again are the environmental variables. So [laughter] this concludes the video, right? This was a behemoth. We covered a ton of stuff, but in the end, I think we got a pretty cool application, right? It's built on an NAN automation. This is something that we added payments to. You could actually use this and have people pay you money for it. And again, the purpose wasn't to show off this final product or even the automation at large. The purpose was like, here's a really cool framework that's repeatable, right? And that's why I really like this get  done framework, this GST thing. You saw how methodical this entire process was. I mean, in certain areas it was kind of painstaking, but you know, when it comes to building with AI, that's what you need. You need these guardrails because the nature of AI means that it's not necessarily determinative. It can kind of go off and do its own thing. But if we have these frameworks, right, we can really control what it does. We can really control it down to the specific discrete atomic tasks. And if we can do that over time after build after build after build, we can really create something if we have a clear vision, right? We're not at the mercy of, you know, the algorithm underneath all this. So, I hope you got something out of this video. Um, as always, tons of free resources inside of the free school. I'm going to include the PRD template. Um, so you can do that. Obviously, there will be links in the description to things like the um GitHub repos. And as always, we also have the Chase AI plus community. That's for someone who's a little more serious about the stuff, who's trying to learn like how do I monetize all these things, start my own AI agency, and there'll be a lot more like SAS focused things there as well. So, as always, let me know in the comments what you thought, and I'll see you

=== Why Claude Code is Better at n8n than n8n ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwebcCNmSLw

Stop building NADN workflows inside of NADN. Cloud code builds them faster anyways. But that's not actually even the point. The real point is this. When we build our AI systems using cloud code, we are creating an ecosystem. We are creating a foundation from which we can take our NN agents and automations inside of NAND and turn them into fully fleshed out products. Since Claude will already know every workflow, node, and connection, we can then scale that. And I'm talking frontends, backends, databases, payments, everything. So, we're no longer dealing with AI agents and automations that are really just JSON files in a vacuum. This is how we create real robust AI systems. And today, I'm going to teach you how to get this whole machine set up because it's more than just clawed code. We also need to rely on the power of the NADN MCP server and claude code NAD skills. With those three tools, we can actually prompt our way into whatever sort of AI agent we want. And so, we got a lot to cover. So, let's jump into it. So, what I'm going to teach you today is how to set up and use the NADN MCP server and NADN skills inside of Cloud Code so that you can prompt your way to any sort of NAD AI agent or automation you want. Now, in this video, I'm going to assume you already have some Claude Code knowledge. If you don't, that's okay. I'm going to link a video above which is essentially Claude Code for non-coders, and in 40 minutes, you're going to be pretty spun up and ready to hop into this one. But to get us started, let's talk about the NADN MCP server. Now, this is not an official NAN MCP server. This was created by a man called Clankowski, right? You see his name over here. He actually has a YouTube video. He has like less than 5K subs, which is crazy. Definitely check him out. He created this and he created the NADN skills repo which is awesome because frankly these two things combined with cloud code give you a more powerful system than I think even the built-in NAN workflow builder and the power of the NAN MCP server comes from all this. It's the tools. It's the fact that it has access to over 500 Nodes and their properties and the documentation and real world examples and a template library including 2,700 workflows. All that to say is that when I tell Claude Code to build me a workflow, it uses this MCP server to take a look at what those nodes actually do, what the schema should look like, and it's taking a look at real world examples to see, hey, has anyone else done this before? So that brings us to the NAN skills, which is a claude code skill. Now, what are skills? Well, skills are essentially custom instructions for clawed code that don't get included in the system prompt, so it doesn't bloat our context window. Now, what do I mean by that? In reality, if I'm using this, the init MCP server, and I go into cloud code, right? I have cloud code up, and I say, "Hey, I want you to create me an AI agent that does X, Y, and Z." Well, instead of just blindly jumping into the NAN MCP server and just calling tools, it can instead take a look at the skills, and there's seven skills here that tell it exactly how to use the MCP server. So, it's kind of like an instruction manual for the MCP server, but it doesn't live in the system prompt. So, it actually saves us tokens in the long run, which makes our system more efficient. That's all you really need to know. And when you take that all together, that means I can prompt my way into automations and agents that would otherwise take me quite a bit to set up. Now, caveat, does this mean we're going to oneshot every single automation? No, it doesn't, especially if they're more complicated. But if it can get me to an 80% solution, I'm totally happy with that. And more importantly, like I said, we're building the ecosystem to actually sassify these automations moving forward. So, at this point, I want you to hop into Cloud Code because we're actually going to set everything up now. So, create a new project. Open that folder. Mine is just called nadncc tutorial. And now, inside of here, I want to create a new file. And I'm going to call this, and it's you need to do this exactly mcp.json. Next, hop back into the nadenmc GitHub. Again, there's a link to that down below. And we're going to go down here to where it says full configuration with NAD management tools, and we're going to copy this and paste it in there. Now, there's a couple things we need to edit. So, the first thing we're going to want to edit is the Naden API URL and the API key. This is what is going to allow the MCP server to actually interact with our NAN instance, and it can actually edit and also just create new workflows inside of our instance for us. Now, another caveat. If it is a very complicated automation and it has like a huge JSON file, there is a limit to that API call. But for simpler ones, it can do it automatically. So, we'll just set it up. So, head to your NAD instance and then over in the URL, you're just going to copy the URL right before it says home. So, I have, you know, naden blah blah blah hostinger.cloud cloud and then before the back the forward slhome you're just going to copy that and you're going to paste that in here in the API URL. Now make sure you get rid of this forward slash. So it should look something like this. Next we need our API key. So go back into NAND. If you come down to settings in the bottom left and you go to NAN API, it'll take you to this page. Just go to create API key and then go ahead and create a new API key. And you're just going to copy it. And then you just paste it in where it says NAD API key. Now, if you're on a Mac, you're pretty much done here, and you can just save it. If you're on Windows, not WSL, you're just on Windows. We're going to have to change the command in the args. We're going to change npx to cmd. And then for args, you need to change it to for/ cnpx and then mcp just like you see here. Once you do that, you can save it. Once you save that file, then you can start up cloud code. If you already had it open, do slashexit and restart it. And then we're going to do /mcp and you will see the naden mcp is now connected. Now it's time to install the skills. So if we head to this repo and again there's a link to that down below in the description. We scroll down to the installation. You can attempt to do this via the uh plug-in install via the marketplace. Didn't work for me. In fact, it didn't show up on the marketplace at all. So what you instead can do is the manual installation. So if you just copy this and then I want you to go to cloud code. So the prompt I gave it was, "I need to install the skills from this repo. Here were the manual instructions they gave me." And then I pasted them in there. And then you can just let Claude go to work and do it for you. Once you do that, you should get a message that says, "Hey, we installed all seven NAN skills." The problem with the manual installation is it actually clones the entire repo. So you can now see over here on the left the Nad skills. I don't want that. I just want the skills available. So you can just prompt it again and say go ahead and remove the repo from my project. I just need the skills globally available. Now the skills being globally available means I can use these skills in any project I want. They live outside of this particular project we're working on. So if I created a another project that was also using the NN MCP server, but we were creating some sort of other agent or automation, it can still call on those skills. So once you install them globally, which is how it does it by default, they're always there. With that, we now have the proper cloud code set up. So we can now start prompting our way to AI agents. Now, let's put it through the paces and have it actually create an agent or an automation for us. So, what I'm going to have it create is essentially a nutrition tracking automation. I want to be able to talk to my AI system via Telegram and either use voice or text and tell it what I ate for this meal, what I ate for that meal, and then have it estimate the calories, break down the macros, and then put it in a database. The idea is this is just going to be one part of essentially like a larger accountability AI agent that tracks everything I do. I talk to it via some sort of interface and then it logs it all inside of a database and then visualizes it on a rather complicated dashboard or web app. This is what we're going to do in later videos where we take this base and we actually turn it into that sort of web app or even SAS, right? We'll actually add some payments if we wanted other people to use it. But for now, for today's video, we're just going to focus on the actual NN creation piece. So, what you see right here is the prompt that I gave it. I essentially said, "Here's what I'm thinking about. I want a multimodal meal tracking system via Telegram." I explained to it everything I just explained to you. But the big thing is when I was prompting it, I put it inside of plan mode. Anytime you're just starting something inside of Claude Code, make sure you're in plan mode. This way, I can have a back and forth with it and we can decide if we're on the same page before we start building. Now I want to call your attention to all these tools it's using. Right? You can see here NM MCP search node search node search node. So it's calling on the MCP server to see hey what would make sense to create this automation right? Are there any examples out there I can lean on? That way when it comes time to actually create this it nails it as close as it can. And so the first question it's asking is do I want it to create the workflow directly inside of nen or do I want the JSON first? In fact, I want both. I want both. I want the JSON and I want it to create it inside of Naden if it can. So, for the AI model, we'll just go with the GPT4. We'll manually change that. Um, I could have given instructions to use like something like 5.1, but that's an easy fix manually. Credentials. Yes, I have my credentials ready. And we're going to go ahead and submit our answers. And again, one of the great things about cloud code is it really like holds your hand when it comes to creating these things because the toughest thing for a lot of people is sort of going through the steps and sort of creating the architecture for their agents and automations. And but Cloud Code like already kind of knows the questions to ask. And when you're first getting started, if you're not technical, oftentimes your biggest hurdle is that you don't know what you don't know. And Cloud Code helps with that. So here's the flow it came up with. All right. Telegram. Telegram trigger has an ifnote to check if it's voice or not. If it's voice, it uses whisper. Sweet. That makes sense. Sends it to OpenAI, inserts it to Superbase, and then we get a confirmation message on the back end. It explains exact nodes it's going to use. Talks about the type and the purpose. And then it continues and gives me all the things that I will need to do on my end eventually to sort of set up like the credentials and all that stuff. So, Cloud Code said it finished and it also told me that it just created it automatically inside of our end instance. So, let's take a look at what it built. Here's what we got. And this wasn't a particularly complicated automation, but it did exactly what we asked for, right? So, what do we have? We have our telegram trigger. It checks to see, hey, is it a voice message? If it's a voice message, we download the voice file. We transcribe the voice and that gets sent here. Then we have the superbase logging and then we get a confirmation note. Now, what do we need to do at this point? Well, we need to add our credentials and then I would need to go through it each and every node to make sure it actually works and if it's set up the way I want. And cloud code is also nice enough to give us a breakdown of the exact steps we need to execute. So says, hey, go ahead and run into Superbase and run your SQL editor, assign the credentials, activate the workflow, and then go ahead and set the Telegram web hook. So I'm going to go ahead and knock that out one by one. I'm inside of Superbase right now, and I'm creating a new project. I'm going to head to SQL editor on the lefth hand side. I'm going to paste in what it gave me. And again, I could find that by going to the superbase schema.sql over here and just copying it. We're going to run it. Success. No rows returned. And then alls I have to do is set up these credentials inside of any. So, we're just going to go to the superbase node. We're going to do create new credential. To get my service role secret, I'm going to come down to project settings. I'm going to go to API keys. Go to service role API keys over here. And you'll find your service role secret right here. Paste that in. And then to get the host URL, you go to connect, go to app frameworks, and it's this, the next public superbase URL. Paste that in the host and then save it. Then I'm just going to go through and connect the rest of my credentials for Telegram. I created a new bot for that. And now that all the credentials are set up and we have the database ready to go, I've saved it and now we're just going to go ahead and test it. All right. So for the first test, I told it, hey, I had one slice of pizza. It looks like we had an issue with Superbase. So all I'm going to do in this case, I'm just going to copy this guy. uh copy the error message. We're going to head back into Claude Code and I'm just going to tell it what happened. And this right here is one of the great parts of using Claude Code to actually create your workflows because it has full context of this workflow, right? I'm not having to do this all manually. I don't need another tab open with Claude or I dump in the JSON file and I'm constantly putting in screenshots. Instead, it already knows what's going on, right? So, it makes it really easy for me to troubleshoot these things. And again because we have that edit in MCP server cloud code can actually edit the workflow directly. So the problem we ran into originally is our superbase node looked like this. There were no fields to send. We needed to send data to superbase. But when I brought that problem to claude code, it went ahead and updated it. So now it's working. So now when I told it, hey, I had one slice of pizza, it went all the way through. It got logged to superbase and I got the confirmation message inside of telegram. Now what we would do is we would continue to iterate, iterate, iterate till we got this workflow in a place where we were happy. But for today's video, this is where we are going to end because the purpose was really just to show you, hey, how do I use cloud code? How do I use these MCP servers and the skills to even get to that workflow in the first place? And luckily, you guys saw some troubleshooting. You could see it actually edit in real time. And remember, like I said in the beginning, the true power of this setup isn't this, right? You could have created this yourself relatively quickly. Even though we do save some time, the true power is that now that I've built this, I can then continue to build more and more workflows that connect to it. And then really again build out that ecosystem while cloud code still retains context across the entire project. Because in the next video we do, I'm going to show you how we set up a front end, how we continue to flesh out the back end, and how we could add payments to this sort of thing. Because really, we don't want to sit inside a Telegram forever. And there's a lot more we want to do besides just tell it, "Hey, I had a piece of pizza. Go tell me the calories, right? We can do a lot more. So, if you're interested in that, make sure to keep a lookout for our next video." And as always, make sure to check out all my resources in the pin comment below. We got the free school, tons of free templates, and we also have the paid Chase AI Plus community if you're someone who's actually looking to take AI and make money with it. So, let me know what you thought in the comments. I'm excited for the follow- on videos and I'll see you guys

=== I Ranked the 15 Most Popular AI Tools ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ut9jkKv82U

I spent over $5,000 on AI tools in 2025. And while there were a few I absolutely adored, there's a handful that I wish I could just get my money back on. And so today, we're going to rank all of them. The ones that were worth every penny, and the ones you should completely avoid. So, we're going to do this in tier list format. S tier being the best. Totally would spend money on it. All the way down to Dtier, the worst. Do not give them a dime. And we're going to kick it off with Chad GPT coming in at 20 bucks a month. Now, where does ChatGpt actually land? Well, I believe it's solidly in Btier. For 20 bucks a month, I'm not upset, but there's better tools out there, right? This is essentially the gateway drug for large language models, but truth be told, in 2025, it's been surpassed by its competitors. And specifically, I'm talking about Gemini. Now, Gemini, I would put solidly in S tier. And this battle between Gemini and ChatGBT is the battle of your AI daily driver. And what I mean by your daily driver is you're not someone who's creating wild AI projects. You just want a chatbot that you can go to, get accurate answers, and it can do some cool things on the side like image and video. And speaking of image and video, Gemini's is infinitely better than chat GPTs. Vo 3.1 Nano Banana Pro are best in class. And if you compare that to ChatGpt's image 1.5 or SOAR 2, I don't really think there's a comparison, especially, and we'll talk about SOAR 2 a little bit. ChatGBT in general, and it's kind of an open AI thing, is so heavily guardrail, you can't even use it half the time for what you want to. And when you compare these two in areas like writing, coding, or being able to like decipher images or videos you give it, I think Gemini is a clear winner. So, if you're wondering what chatbot should I be paying for come 2026, I think the answer's obvious. Now, let's talk about lovable. If you had asked me this question 6 months, nine months ago, I probably would have put it in either A tier or S tier. But right now, I think it's solidly B tier and trending down. So, if you don't know what lovable is, it's a web app that creates apps and websites for you. You just prompt it. It has claude under the hood and has a ton of integration. So, you can easily add things like Stripe or things like Superbase authentication, right? Very simply just from prompting, right? Sounds great. Does a good job. However, over time, other tools like Gemini, like Clawude Code are starting to encroach on lovable space so that it's not the only player in town. And these tools do it for a cheaper price point because Lovable at a minimum you're paying 40 bucks a month for this thing while Gemini I'm paying 20 bucks a month and Claude Code is a whole another discussion, but in reality, I'm paying less for what I get. And so I think Lovable's kind of getting into this weird place where it advertises itself as a web app that hey, you go inside here, you can create these really cool web apps and websites just by prompting. Yet, if you're actually serious about that, you're going to move off platform. And if you aren't that serious about it, why wouldn't you just use something like Gemini for an 80 90% solution? So B tier for me, trending down. So now we're in the discussion about sort of like AI project building. So let's talk about Claude. Claude S tier and let's talk about Claude code as well at the same time also S tier. So I consider Claude in almost a different bucket than Gemini and Chat GBT. I don't think Claude is really for the casual user at the price point it's at. So obviously you can go on here, you can do 20 bucks a month, you can have the chatbot, but you're going to be very quickly limited by the usage caps which is tough. But you have the ability to pay for a max plan which is $100 a month or the max 20 plan which is 200 bucks a month. And right away for 99% of the population, that's a complete non-starter. It's just not worth it for them. But if you're someone who's serious about AI and AI coding and building apps, you know, quote unquote vibe coding, then these are the best tools in class and ones I pay for and totally think are worth it. However, again, Claude and Claude Code very much have a technical and a coding bent to them. If I go into Claude, it's not going to create videos for me. And I if I ask it to create images, they're going to be very, very rudimentary, right? This is for a more technical audience, but if that's you, totally worth it. S tier, and you already knew that. And speaking of these coding CLI tools, what about OpenAI codeex, which is, you know, the chat GPT version essentially of claude code. Well, personally, I think this is an A tier, right? I think it's a step below cloud code. Um, if you go on Reddit, um, you every other day this will become S tier and this will become A tier because some nerd is crying about them quantitizing, um, the model. But personally, I think Codeex is just a step below. But truthfully, I think that's personal preference. You can use either of these and you're going to be just fine. But for me, A tier. And then we have Gemini CLI, which is Google's version of Codeex in Cloud Code. I would put this in Dtier. I mean, it's technically sort of free. Um, but I don't know a single person who uses Gemini CLI, and I don't think you should waste your time. Oh, and I almost forgot Bolt. So, Bolt is essentially another version of Lovable, but I think it's just a little worse. So, I would put it solidly in Ctier. And again, these tools 6 months ago, I would have totally paid for, but with the advent of Claude Code and Codeex and even Gemini CLI, like I can do the same thing for a fraction of the cost. So, why am I paying you? So, let's talk about some more no code tools. So, we got three big players. We got Naden, Zapier, and Make. So, you know what I'm going to do with Naden? S tier, but we also have Zapier and we have Make. So, Zap Dtier, make D tier. I I just what is the point of using Zapier and make when NN exists? NN I can self-host, therefore it's more flexible, therefore it's cheaper. It's also more powerful. I can actually do a lot of coding inside of any if I wanted to with specific nodes versus Zapier and Make, which while they have a prettier interface, which isn't as scary, they're more expensive and they do less. So, why are we doing? So, would not pay for these. Next, let's talk about Perplexity. Now, I'm higher on Perplexity than most people, and I'm going put it solidly a tier. I would pay for their pro version. Now, do I pay for Perplexity Pro? No, because they pretty much give it away for free every single turn. But, I think Perplexity is my go-to large language model chatbot if I actually want an answer online that I know is going to be backed by facts because it's going to source it from the web. Now, Gemini can do that. Chat GBT can do that. Claude can even do that. They have web search, but often times you have to explicitly ask them to use the web search. And it's just like that's not their thing. That's not what they do. This is all Perplexity does. And I think it shows in the quality of responses and the different ways you can play with the sources, right? I can get it explicitly from social media. I can get it explicitly from more like research papers, right? We're going this is like a throwback to Google Scholar. So I think Perplexity Pro is really good at the niche that it's chosen and for that it's a tier. Okay. And what do we have here? Well, we have I think the hidden gem of the AI space and that's Google AI Studio A tier. Now what's Google AI Studio? Well, if you just Google Google AI Studio, it's going to take you to this place and it's essentially Google just giving away all their AI tools for free. You can use virtually everything they have. They have a lot of really neat stuff in the build section where you're able to actually build apps. And again, it's all totally free. Yes, there are limits, but they reset every 24 hours and it's supposed to be like a developer playground, but they are extremely generous with what you can use here. So, definitely check it out. A great place to try to prototype stuff or again play with different Google AI tools. And again, it's free, so why wouldn't you? Next up, we got Cursor. So, if I was your average person and I didn't do AI things for a living, would I pay for cursor? Probably not. It would probably be in like B tier or C tier. But for me, I put it in A tier and I do use it because I use it in combination with Claude Code and it allows it it's very easy for me to then sort of bounce Claude Code's answers off of other LLMs in one interface. So, it's kind of like a nice to have. It's not totally necessary. If that's not you, I don't think you need to pay for it. But for me, because, you know, it's kind of my job, I totally pay for it and I think it's worth it. So, next up, we got 11 Labs. So, what's 11 Labs? It's a It's essentially like AI audio. So, they do voice agents, they do voiceovers, they even do music, sound effects, all sorts of stuff. It's just audio with AI. It's sort of like the premium platform in the space, and it is kind of pricey. That being said, 11 Labs does have a $5 a month option, and for that reason, I think it's a tier. Now, it's not for everybody. Not everybody needs an 11 Labs subscription, but the fact that I can do a decent amount with it at five bucks a month makes it worth it for me. Now, if they charge me the same amount for 20 bucks a month, I don't think it would be worth it, but at that low price point, yeah, thumbs up, A tier. Then for the last couple, these are kind of AI adjacent. So, Superbase, right? I use this for all my AI projects. This is S tier. So, I love Superbase. It's a place that's all about like setting up the backend and the authentication and the databases for your AI projects. They have a very generous free tier, which is awesome, but beyond that, it's 25 bucks a month for your more serious projects. Totally worth it. And then lastly, we have Lightrag. I don't actually know why I added this one, but I do love their logo. Solid A tier. Um, light rag is for your retrieval augmented generation systems. You're able to do graph rag with it. It's lightweight. You can self-host it. It's open source. So, again, it's it's free. So, A tier. And it looks like I put Zap year in here twice. So Zap year, you get the double D. Sorry, guys. So that's the tier list. Now, this is from my perspective as someone who is in the AI space professionally. If you're just your quote unquote average consumer, you're not trying to build crazy AI projects, really the only thing I would suggest you pay for would be Gemini. I think that is good enough for 95% of the population. Beyond that, right, you want to get into some noode stuff, then I would lean into NADN, which again can be self-hosted. So for you're spending five, seven bucks a month. And then beyond that, it depends how deep you want to get into the coding stuff, right? And then you're going to want to start looking at things like Claude Code. So for most people though, a 20 buck a 20 bucks a month Gemini subscription is more than enough. So I hope this tier list gave you some insight into a bunch of different tools and what's sort of worth it going into 2026. Um, as always, let me know in the comments what you thought, and I'll see you

=== How I'd Start My AI Agency From Scratch in 2026 ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OdF7SzfKzE

If I had to restart my AI agency from zero in 2026, I would focus on these three things. What to sell, who to sell it to, and how to actually get clients without spending a single dollar. I've been running my own AI agency for over a year now. It's done multiple six figures. I've done hundreds of builds. And during that time, I've realized that these three questions, what to sell, who to sell it to, and how to actually sell it are the only ones that actually matter if you're someone who wants to turn AI into an actual profitable career. And in this video, we're going to dive into all three of those questions and their answers. And luckily for you, none of this is really that complicated. Even the AI stuff is pretty simple. It's just the execution that's difficult. But we're going to talk about the execution and the theory today. So, by the end of this video, you have a strong foundation to go into 2026, ready to start your own AI agency and make money in this booming space. So, let's begin with what actually sells. And this is what trips people up the most because they think they need what you see here. They need 20, 30, 40, 50 AI agents and automations in their back pocket ready to go. And they also need to be an AI expert, right? They need to be one step below someone with a PhD in machine learning. They need to know it all. But the fact is the technical bar is way lower than you think. And the amount of automations and agents that actually sell that people actually buy is way smaller than this because it's really just these four AI systems or variations of them that people actually spend money on. And that's rag retrieval augmented generation, lead generation automations, voice agents, and content creation automations. And the commonality between these all four is that they have a clear value ad and it's easy to explain the ROI to someone who isn't technical. So let's start with rag. Now rag retrieval augmented generation. The ROI for this is that you're creating an AI system for the client that can connect to any data source they want. What does that mean? It means instead of just looking at chat GBT, you now have chat GBT that's a member of your team and has context of all your organization's best practices, the projects they're working on, etc. Next is lead generation automations. Now, lead generation automations again have a very clear ROI. It's an automation. It's an AI system that brings in more clients for your clients. It's going to source leads like this Google map scraper. It's going to enrich the leads like we see here with Tableau. It's then going to create some sort of custom messaging where it takes all that data before spitting out that custom message and pushing it to somewhere where we can conduct cold outreach at scale like it instantly. Next, we have voice agents and the value ad here. Again, pretty simple to explain. I have an AI system that can act as a sales rep or receptionist for a fraction of the cost and it works 24/7 and it's able to do essentially anything a Huing can do. As you can see here, this is an example of an inbound voice agent and it can check availability, get bookings, book appointments, modify appointments, cancel appointments, etc., etc., etc. Very easy to tie into a CRM, and we can essentially give it any functionality we want. And then last on the list are content creation automations. This is the one that's trending the most, and that's because these tools are getting so good, and you're seeing the popup everywhere. But they can be really simple. It can be a simple automation like this that just streamlines the entire video or image creation process or it can be something like this which is much more complicated. And now while we aren't creating necessarily content with an automation like this this is all about content research and ideation and again creating a pipeline from idea to content. And out of all of them, I would say content creation, while it is the one that's trending the most, it's the hardest to execute well because it's so varied and a lot of it does depend on the creative skill of the user, but it's one that does sell and everyone is interested in this. So, that answers the question of what you sell and really what do you spend your time getting good at. Now, let's be honest, if you are not technical at all, even though you don't need to necessarily know how to code to do any of these things, this is extremely daunting seeing these in front of you. So, is it realistic to go from completely non-technical to selling these in maybe a month? Yes. Genuinely, yes. First of all, because you don't even need to become an expert in all four. There's people who make an entire living just selling something like voice agents, for example. But you can get a pretty solid no code level of expertise to create these if you go through something like my N&N masterclass series that I'll link above. Truthfully, spending your weekends for a month gets you up to the technical level. That's good enough. Beyond that, you just need to get good enough to understand where to go when you have a question because clients will ask you to create things that you've never created before. But if you know if that they're a possible and b the answers out there, that's enough to move forward with a project. And lastly, just so you know, all the templates that I've been showing here um you can get for free inside of my school community. There's a link to that in the comments. So let's move on to question two which is who do I sell to? Now, there's kind of a spectrum here, right? So, on one end of the spectrum, we have like mom and pop shops, right? Do we want to sell to mom and pop shops or that, you know, local nail salon around the corner? No. Absolutely not. Why? Because they have no money. Okay? They have no money. They have no idea what you're actually selling to them. So, it's just not worth your time. Now, on the other end of the spectrum, right, we have like enterprise, right? Think very large companies. Do you think these enterprise companies are going to listen to your pitch? Person who has never sold a single AI thing in their life and just started learning about AI the other month. No, they're just not going to listen to you. You aren't at this level yet. And frankly, it's not worth either of your times. Nor do you even understand the like morass of red tape you're going to have to navigate to get those clients. So, what does that leave? Well, it actually leaves us in this sort of like sweet spot, right? is the sweet spot of a smalish to medium-sized company that's doing anywhere from like 2 to 10 million ARR, right? They have money, they have no time, but they have kind of dabbled in AI already and they've worked with, you know, outside freelancers and outside consultancies to do this sort of thing. So, they understand how this process works, right? This is the sweet spot. You want people with money with no time who actually understand what it is you're selling. So this then drives the conversation to the idea of the niche. Do you need a niche? Right? Is a specific industry you need to be targeting? Right? Like do you need to be doing med spas or nail salons or do you need to be doing marketing companies? Right? What is the niche? What is a bias? Well, at the beginning, I would say you do need a niche and why is that? Well, you need a niche because we need to solve your credibility issue. Right? At the beginning, you've never sold a single client anything. You probably just got into AI a couple months ago. Why would anybody buy from you? Well, the idea is you choose a niche and you start targeting people that you already have experience in that industry or you're really passionate about it, right? And the reason that gives you credibility is because when you go and you talk to these people, it's not about the AI, right? It's actually not about AI at all at the beginning because you can't lean on that. That can't be your credibility that you're an AI expert because you're not. What you are though is a problem solver. Okay? And you're a problem solver in that niche because you understand that niche. You've either lived it, you've been in their shoes, or you just understand it at a very deep level. So your niche, that is where your expertise comes from. Because when you sit on the other end of a call with somebody and you say, "Hey, I understand your problem because I've lived your problem, been there, done that. Oh, by the way, now here's the AI tool that can help you solve it." Well, that has a lot more credibility than just saying like, "Oh, I did, you know, one AI automation with one guy one time. he's my case study, but it has nothing to do with your problem. Right? That that doesn't sell. What sells is saying, "I understand your problem. I've been where you're at. Here's a solution, and I know it works because again, I've done your thing." And so, that's why you need to have a niche that leans on probably something you've done in the past, like a previous job or something or something that you're really passionate about, right? That's how you're going to choose your niche at the beginning because it also simultaneously solves your credibility issue. Now, over time, you're going to get a lot of inbound leads that are kind of based on your personal brand, and we'll talk about in a second. And your niche becomes you don't really need it as much anymore because you've already built that trust. But this is how you figure out who you sell to and also like how would you sort of the niche creation. Now, let's talk about the most important part, which is how do you get clients? And really, what we're talking about is driving demand. How do we drive demand for ourselves in our business? And this is important to really internalize because at the beginning you're all going to be focused on this which is the AI piece, the supply side, right? How do I get technically competent? How do I actually deliver a product to someone that I promised them I would? Right? It's important to do, but you're going to spend way too much time on this because in reality, you should spend probably 10% of your time on actually creating supply, getting good technically, and you should be spending 90% of your time driving demand. Because just think about it. If you were the greatest NAN, you know, agent builder of all time and nobody knew who you were, you're going to make zero dollars, right? It's like Hermosi says, your problem is nobody knows you exist. On the other side of the equation, if you were just amazing at one thing, right? If you were just amazing at creating agentic rag or just amazing at creating voice agents, yet a million people knew who you were and you were just a one-trick pony, you would be rich, right? You would literally be rich. So, it's important we understand how important driving demand is and then how to actually do it. And how do we do it for free? Now, there's two ways to drive demand without spending a bunch of money. And the first one is leaning on your warp network. Now, your warp network is friends, family, co-workers, former co-workers. And these are the people that are going to, I guarantee you, bring your first client. And it doesn't have to be a hard sell. It's as simple as saying, "Hey, started an AI agency. I help you know businesses implement AI solutions. Do you know do you know anybody who would need my help or need my work? That's it. They can read between the lines if they need your help, but I promise you if you reach out to enough people, and I'm talking 30, 40, 50 people, somebody will give you a warm lead. This is the easiest way to get clients right away. You could get one tomorrow doing this. And the second way is through social media. Now, social media is going to be the exact opposite of the warm network because while the warm network, right, we can get a client very, very quickly on a very short timeline, but we're going to burn through the warm network very fast, right? Very quickly, you know, the actual ROI and that goes down. You compare that to social media, right? It's actually going to take a long time for social media to get up and running. But when it does, it's pretty meteoric. Okay? And over the long run, social media is what you're going to care about. Now, everyone's scared of social media, right? easy for you to say, "Chase, you're here on YouTube actually doing this." The problem is you're not going to be able to sustain a business on a warm network, and you probably aren't going to be able to sustain it long term on something like cold outreach either, unless you're just really, really good at it. Social media also drives us inbound leads. And inbound leads are the gold leads, right? Because they already know who we are, right? They've been seeing us on social media. And because they've seen us on social media, we've already built trust and confidence in them. the entire power dynamic has shifted because we don't really have to sell ourselves as much. They already want to work with you. And think of the scale, right? If I make one video for 10 people, it's the same amount of work as if I make one video for 10 million people. Okay? So, social media is the greatest lever you can pull today when it comes to marketing. And it isn't negotiable whether you're going to do this or not if you want to actually succeed with your AI agency in 2026. So, we could do like a 10-hour video on social media and your AI agency, but let's just hit the highlights in about three minutes. So, first things first is the frequency, right? How often do you need to post for it to actually matter? Well, first of all, you need to get it in your head that you need to be posting at least two times a day on short form. I'm talking Tik Tok, Instagram reels, and YouTube shorts, right? Nice thing is you make one video for that, you just repost it on the other ones. You also need to understand that it's going to take you about a 100 posts before you get any traction whatsoever. So that's almost two months of posting twice a day. Your posts are going to suck and you're going to get no positive feedback whatsoever. This right here, 99% of people can't do it. And it's in large part why their AI agency will fail, right? They refuse to actually put in the work on social media to actually get a result, right? You just need to outlast most people. People will not do this. I guarantee you 99.99% of people will not do this. But this is what it requires just to get in the door. Okay? That's just to get in the door. And then from there you continue that cadence and then you can actually get some feedback and data that matters of what people actually like. In terms of LinkedIn, right, this is one everyone should do because you don't actually have to get in front of a camera. You should be doing it three times a week, right? I will say so myself, this is something I have slacked off on an extreme amount. But there is no excuse if you're serious about this and you're just getting started not to start doing LinkedIn three times a week. The audience is more mature. There's actually less content and less competition on LinkedIn. And it's tech, so you actually don't have to do the psychological battle of going on camera. And this actually is enough at the beginning, right? You just need a ton of short form content out there so people understand who you are, they see your face. Now, over time, specifically after you get over that 100 posts amount, you can start going more into long- form content. Now, long form content, right, we're talking things like YouTube, we're talking things like long LinkedIn posts, right? Even better is something like an actual community, whether it's school, community, Discord, whatever. The idea here is they've seen your face all over the place on social media. We're now pushing them down the funnel from the top to what I would really call the middle, right? Where they see long form stuff of you and they get a better idea of who you are and what you're about. It's here that they make the decision of whether they even want to work with you and give you money. Okay? This gets their attention. They see your face. They have what you're about. This is down here on YouTube long form stuff. This is where you actually display true competency. This is where you actually display true personality. This is where really you build your personal brand. Okay. The problem here is that you don't want to focus on this right away probably because you just don't have enough content or even know what you're doing. This is sort of your playground where you get to kind of like feel out and test things. And then eventually from here, you know, this is where you actually push them to whatever it is, right? This is where you have like your website. This is where you have your actual offer, right? This is where there's a place where they can contact you and actually make money. Now, we could go into way way more more detail about this. Hey, how do we do the funnel? Something with like mini chat, right? How how do what's the really nitty-gritty of pushing them to these places? Um, out of the scope for this video, but that is a quick quick overview of kind of how you should think about social media. But the biggest thing is the frequency, right? Everybody wants some sort of shortcut or everybody wants some sort of like AI avatar that's going to do it for them. No, you just need to post a ton 100 posts in 50 days. And really just look at creators that you like and copy their posts. Not word for word, but their templates, their hooks, all that um frequency. But nobody does this. This is why everybody fails. Everybody fails because of this. So that really though is how you market yourself and how you actually find clients, right? This is sort of the the funnel process, right? This is the inbound funnel process of social media and that's how you get clients. So that's pretty much the video for today. Okay, in terms of additional resources, again, you can find all the templates inside of my free school. I also have linked the paid school, the Chase AI Plus, where I go into more detail, like literally here's a 90-day, you know, guide of how to start your own AI agency. And I also include a social media playbook, which goes way deeper into this. Like we really go into everything from like how to optimize your profile, how to set up an inbound lead funnel using things like you know manyhat like how to do hooks, how to find template creators, all the social media uh playbook stuff is in the paid community as well. But even if you don't do the paid stuff, definitely check out the free tons of free stuff. Um and yeah, let me know in the comments what you thought. Um, I really think this is a booming space and really I think it's a great space to get into because there's a lot of kind of just like garbage out there in the AI agency space and it's it's just a place that's like begging for more competent people to come in there who aren't just BSing everybody, right? Who actually have some technical knowledge and aren't lifestyle influencers, but they're really trying to like use AI to help other people. So, um, again, let me know in the comments what you thought.

=== This Custom GPT Creates Elite AI Videos for You ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-wuh4tZEEg

One prompt, nine images, pure AI cinema. No more generating scene by scene and hoping everything fits together. This workflow I'm going to show you lets you see your entire story from one prompt before you ever create a single video. But the workflow isn't even the best part because I'm going to give [music] you a custom GPT that is going to act as your personal expert director and walk you through the entire creative process so you always get an end result that looks intentional and meets your vision, no matter your experience. So the secret sauce is this guy, our 3x3 grid, which allows us to see a number of scenes telling an entire story, which also maintains character and visual consistency throughout. And the cool thing is we are able to create this from a single prompt. So instead of creating each scene individually and laboriously one by one and making sure they all fit together, we can essentially get a giant storyboard from which we can pull from and create individual videos with. Now I got this idea from Tao Prompts. Great channel, great creator, definitely check him out who got this from somebody else from Twitter. Now, I saw how they executed it, and I figured we could streamline this considerably because truth be told, it's not enough to just start here by the 3x3 grid because we're actually looking at a three-step process. And the first step is, you guessed it, creating the foundation image. This is our main character. This is the visual aesthetic. And it is imperative that we create some sort of starting image that we bring to AI to eventually create that 3x3 grid for us so we maintain consistency throughout. And if that's phase one, the creation of the foundation image, then phase two is where we come up with this prompt for this 3x3 nshot narrative grid. And that's exactly what I have here in front of you. Now, there's a lot going on, right? We need the instructions, the character, the setting, maybe an antagonist, a story arc, and then we need nine narrative shots. And each of these shots, as you will see, include specific types of camera angles that you probably don't even know exist. Beyond that, we also want to include thing like style keywords and also give it additional information that says, hey, you need to make sure the character and the visuals maintain consistency throughout or else it doesn't even do anything for us. And then after we do that and we're actually happy with our 3x3 grid, then we move on to phase three, the final phase where we turn those grids into videos and we need specific prompts for each of those. Again, you need specific verbiage, specific nomenclature. So AI gives us what we want. And so you see even throughout these three phases, there's a lot of sort of technical skill required if you just aren't used to this at all. But that is where our custom GPT comes in. And I'm giving it to you today for free. If you go to the pin comment, you head to the link, you'll find it inside of my free school. And I'm not only giving you a link to the custom GPT, I'm also giving you the entire system prompt I use. And as you can see, this is very, very detailed. And the reason I'm giving you the system prompt is so you aren't stuck inside of chat GBT's infrastructure. You can take the system prompt and you can take it to cloud, you can take it to Gemini, you can take it wherever. So you can essentially do what we're doing wherever you want. And so let's talk real quickly about the system prompt so you can understand what this GPT is actually buying you. So first of all, it understands that we need to operate in three phases. So first phase, it's going to make sure that we create a reference image, a foundation image that we're happy with and it's going to give us the prompt to actually create that. From there, we then describe the story we're trying to create, and it's going to use that reference image to come up with the prompt that gives us that nineshot grid. And then once we're happy with the grid we eventually get, it will give us the prompts for the videos itself. And very little in this prompt is hard-coded. It's very iterative, as in it's going to have an exchange with you to make sure you're getting what you actually want. It isn't just going to spit the same prompts to you in the same style over and over and over again. And what I really like about it, too, is that it asks for sort of realworld concepts. What I mean by that is if you're going for a specific visual style, it will probably ask you what sort of movies or what sort of images you're trying to emulate so it can bring that into the prompt. And so for the rest of this video, I'm going to show you this workflow step by step so you can recreate it yourself and really supercharge your AI video creation process. So step one, we're creating the reference image. How did I get this guy? Well, the prompt I used to create this is right here. Now AI came up with it. I use the same system prompt I showed you, but I'm just doing it inside of a Claude custom project. Again, it doesn't really matter what LLM you use as long as it follows the prompt. And so, it gives me the subject, it gives me a shot setup, the style keywords, etc. Now, these style keywords as well as the subject. Again, this just comes from a back and forth with that custom GPT. So, I then took this prompt and I actually went to MidJourney to create my starting image. Now, a note on MidJourney versus NanoBan Pro. By and large, Nano Banana Pro is the right tool to use for 99 out of 100 cases. It is the best AI image tool in the game today. But specifically for like singleshot images, especially like character references, you know, there's no text. I'm just looking for like a really cool vibe. Midjourney is awesome at that. Now, you don't need to use mid Journey. If you get the same prompt in Nano Banana Pro, you'll get something similar. So, all you're going to do for the rest of phase one is continue to have that back and forth with the custom GPT till it gives you a prompt that creates an image you are happy with. Just make sure that this image is a close-up. It's a lot easier to go from a detailed close-up image and then have a distant image that's created in a certain scene than to have an image that's far away and then try to do a close-up later, right? It's easier to go from more detail to less detail. Really hard for AI to go from less detail to more detail and maintain consistency. So now we move on to the fun part which is creating our 3x3 grid. Now like I talked about in the intro. This is really cool because we already have the starting image for each and every scene we're going to create and from a quick view we can understand how the story is going to unfold and whether we want to change anything or not. Now there's two things we need to create this. The first we've already done. That's the reference image and you see him reflected in all the images and the visual aesthetic throughout all nine shots. And the second thing we need is the prompt to generate it. And this is the exact prompt I used. Now, you don't have to come up with this on your own. The custom GPT is going to make this for you. After you fed it the reference image, it's going to know to move on to phase 2. And essentially, it's going to ask you, what sort of story are you are you trying to create? Right? The story I came up with was a lone crusader. He's leaving a castle behind. He walks into a forest and he sees a dark-hooded figure. Just based off that, it then comes up with the nine narrative shots. and it already knows to sort of vary the images, you know, and vary the angles like you see here. We have a wide establishing shot, we have a low angle, we have a medium shot, we have one that's more bird's eye, right? So, there's a certain amount of like dynamism already built into the prompt. So, you don't get something that just looks the same over and over and over again. And one little trick that I like to use is giving it real life references. So, I told it that I wanted like the Revenant aesthetic, you know, the Leonardo DiCaprio film because I sort of wanted that like wintry ice like dark kind of vibe, but not like too dark. I wanted like cool cinematography dark. And I think it did a pretty good job of actually reflecting that here. And so, just like we did in phase one, phase two, you're just going to continue to iterate with the AI till it gives you a prompt you like. You then go to Nano Banana Pro and then you just give it the prompt and it's going to spit this out for you. But make sure when you create this that you do it in 4K. If you just do it at 2K, the detail is not going to be crisp enough because what we're actually going to do in phase three is you're essentially just going to take screenshots of each and every grid and you're going to use that as a starting image. So if you're doing 1K or 2K, it's just not going to be high enough fidelity. 4K gives us what we need. So now we move on to the last phase of the workflow, which is creating the image to video prompts. And again, once you've told the custom GPT you're good to go on phase two, it's going to automatically move to this. So then you're just going to feed it your 9 by9 grid and it's automatically going to spit out all the prompts that you see right here. Now, I think it does a pretty good job with these. It doesn't go overly detailed with the prompts because if you're giving it a starting image when you're creating a video, you don't have to go crazy with explaining everything. So it keeps it simple yet detailed enough that it's going to do what you want it to do. And so now what you need to do is you are going to go to your 9 by9 grid. You are going to take a screenshot of the scene you're creating for the video. So if I was doing this one, if I was doing the first scene, right, I just screenshot the top left. I'm then going to copy the prompt it gave me. And then I'm going to go to my video generator of choice, paste in the prompt, add the reference image like you see down here on the left, and I'm just going to have it generate it. That's it. Now, in terms of what video generator you should use these days, I'm really loving Cling Video01. I think it's great. Um, it does a really good job in terms of motion. It's very fast. It's relatively cheap, and I do it in 1080p. Your other options, well, the one downside to Cling O1 is it doesn't give you sound. Now, if you want natural sound to come from the video itself, your options are going to be Cling 2.6 and VO3.1. I wouldn't suggest doing Soric. Sora 2 is a disaster when it comes to actually giving it reference images that look like realistic people, right? For whatever reason, they just don't want to do that. So, your options these days is really VO3.1 and cling. I think cling's a little better as of late December 2025. And you're just going to repeat that process for the rest of the scenes. And you see me doing that right here. Right? I take the reference image, I take the prompt it gave me, and I just put it into the video generator and continue to go down the line. And if that seems very simple, it's because it is. We did all the hard work up front in phase one and two. So phase three, actually generating the videos, is sort of the victory lap. And when you do all that, you'll get a final product that looks like this. >> [music] >> So, that's it for today's video. I hope this workflow was useful and I hope you get a ton of use out of this custom GPT. Again, there's a link to it in the pinned comments. I think it helps a lot with streamlining this process and making sure you do all the steps in the correct order so you get a coherent, intentional, consistent product that you like. So, as always, if you enjoyed this video, leave a comment and I'll see you guys

=== Exactly How to Create Cinematic AI Ads with Consistent Visuals ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMEMXE9-VD0

Stop making AI ads until you understand this one 
thing. And that one thing is product consistency.   And nobody's teaching it the right way. This 
entire ad, every product shot, every action   sequence, every scene is all AI generated. But 
most importantly, our product is consistent   across every single frame. And in today's video, 
I'm going to show you exactly how to recreate   that. And at the end, I'll even show you how to 
do this automatically using tools like Nvidia's   moneyshot. So, you want to create a cinematic 
AI ad that's showcasing some sort of product.   We obviously need product consistency. We're 
going to need scene consistency. And most likely,   we even need character consistency. How can we do 
all of that? Well, the way we're going to do that   today is by using a five-step framework that 
is a very repeatable and b extremely flexible   because we can apply this framework to really any 
sort of AI video generation in general. And the   framework looks like this. Step one is going 
to be storyboarding. And that's what we see   right here. Storyboarding is where we go back and 
forth with AI and we actually figure out what the   heck we're trying to create and we break it down 
into discrete scenes. Then we move on to step two,   which is the foundation image. for an ad that 
is showcasing a product. This is where we create   that product that's going to be showcased 
throughout the video. Next to step three,   which is where we create the first frames. This 
is where we take that foundation image, right?   The image of our product, and we now go scene by 
scene, and we create an image that corresponds   to the starting image for each of those scenes. 
This is one of the most important steps because   this is where we ensure we have character and 
product consistency throughout every single scene.   Next is step four, which is video creation. So we 
take the starting images we created in step three,   we throw them into a video generator and we 
actually create the videos. And last is step five,   which is production. So we take everything we've 
created, we throw it into our video editor,   and we actually create our final product. So 
that's the framework we're going to cover today.   And let's start with storyboarding. So step one, 
storyboarding. What is the goal here? The goal is   to come out of this with a clear vision of what 
you're trying to create and the exact scenes that   are going to make up the end video. Now, this 
is not going to be a oneshot thing with AI.   It's going to take a lot of iteration. The way I 
do it is I essentially just go on the mic and I   just give it a stream of consciousness of whatever 
I'm thinking for the video at large. Now, you can   have this something be totally original. This is 
coming straight out of your mind. Or you can even   give it, you know, scene descriptions or even dump 
a video of it that you're trying to template. Now,   if you're actually going to give it a video that 
you want to essentially template yours off of,   you'll have to use Gemini because something like 
Claude can't really handle the video. But really,   any AI can do this for you. And after you have 
this back and forth with AI, you want something   that looks like this, a breakdown of your video. 
So, you see mine has an act one, an act two,   and an act three. And under each act, it has 
specific discrete shots, right? In this case,   it started with, "Hey, that sort of like all 
those quick cuts at the beginning of the video."   remember that intro followed by hey some sort of 
like human action have him taking a drink and then   he puts his goggles down. You'll notice here the 
exact breakdown of the scenes is different than   the final product. Totally normal. What you figure 
out in storyboarding probably will change along   the way as you get to your final destination. 
And lastly, you can see it talking about the   rabbit cuts with the action montage. The point of 
this is once I have this actually written down,   I know the goal. I know what I'm doing. I'm not 
just jumping into an AI image editor and just   throwing prompts at the wall and hoping something 
sticks and that eventually becomes coherent. You   need to have a 90% solution here before you move 
forward because it will save you a ton of time,   a ton of headache, and a ton of money. So, get 
it looking something like this. Now, we move on   to step two, which is the foundation image, or in 
our case, the product image. Now, how do we create   this and what tools are we using? My suggestion is 
you use Nano Banana Pro because it's the best one   in the market today. In terms of how you create it 
promptwise, what we're going to do is we're going   to lean on AI. Now, what I did is I eventually 
just found some inspiration. I essentially modeled   it off of the prime energy drink. So, I just went 
to Claude. I dropped an example of a prime energy   drink. I very enthusiastically told Claude, "I 
want it in the style of a prime energy drink like   this one." And guess what? It wrote the prompt 
for me. I didn't have to come up with any of this   myself. AI is really good at prompting if you kind 
of just like push it in the right direction. So,   I just took this prompt, went back to Nano Banana 
Pro, and you can see over here on the right,   that's what I put in there. Now, you're probably 
asking yourself, "This doesn't look like Nano   Banana Pro to me." That's because I'm inside of 
of Nvidia. It's just a web app that essentially   has like all the AI generation tools on it. I 
think they're running some specials that give   you like Nano Banana Pro free for a year if you 
sign up. It's just like an aggregator. You can   use NanoBanana Pro wherever you want, whether 
that's Gemini or any other place. Now, a note   on reference images. This is what my product 
look like when I just use Cloud Prompt straight   up. You'll notice it's pretty flat. I always 
suggest try to find something out there that's,   you know, that you're trying to emulate. I 
mean, unless you're a designer on your own,   chances are you're going to get something like 
this. I mean, not to say that this is necessarily   like some industryleading design win, but I 
think it looks a bit better, right? It's based   off something that's actually sold, so it can kind 
of help you move in the right direction. Of note,   right, this is what I got originally, and I 
just made a few changes, right? I changed it   from original to prompt punch and then I it 
also took me a few iterations to get there,   right? You can see a few subtle differences. 
So, you're going to have to make it, you know,   make four or five different variations of your 
particular foundation image till you get what   you want. But, you need to get this perfect. And 
once you get something perfect, go ahead and make   like color variations of it as well. Especially 
if it's more like a food product or something. You   can see that here, right? Different color schemes. 
The point is the point is you need to get here.   You also want it if it's a product on something 
like a white background. That way when you feed   this to AI and you're really trying to make sure 
the product's consistent, it isn't essentially   distracted by anything else from the reference 
image for the product. And once you have that,   you're ready to move on to step three. So now it's 
time to make the starting frame for each and every   shot. Now this is where we head back to our story 
board. And if you've done all this perfectly,   this will be extremely easy because all you have 
to do is you'll go to each individual shot, right?   You have it in mind. You're then going to just 
give AI your foundation image, right? You can see   that right here. I threw the foundation image. And 
then you're just going to say, "Hey, let's create   a text to image prompt where blah blah blah blah 
description of your first shot." And it's going   to give you the prompt, right? And if you nailed 
your storyboard and you knew exactly what you're   trying to create, this should only take a couple 
prompts. Maybe iterate it once or twice and you're   all done. But what does that look like in reality? 
That framework is exactly what you should do. But   let me show you how what exactly it worked for me 
because it'll probably be the same for you at the   start. So this was the first result. I gave it the 
foundation image. I gave it the prompt Claude gave   me and it gave me this, right? Originally it was 
going to be a guy opening the can. But in reality   it turned out ugly. Like I didn't like this idea. 
Not to mention this is all messed up. But I did   like parts of it. I like the lighting. I like the 
general like feel of it. I like the vibe. I just   wanted to change the image itself. So, first 
I just replayed the same prompt again. And you   see that here, right? Maybe if I got a different 
angle, maybe a different generation with the same   prompt, I'd get something I liked, but I didn't. 
I wanted to change it. But I wanted to keep the   lighting. So, what do you do then? Well, what you 
do is you take one of these images, you copy it,   and you take the foundation image, remember the 
image of our product. You go to Nano Banana Pro,   and you just use those as reference images 
to create something you like. In this case,   I moved away from having the can being opened and 
instead I just wanted the guy holding the can.   That's what you see here. So, I have the product. 
This is all correct. All the text is right. It's   consistent. The lighting is the same as those 
first few shots. Even if I didn't like them,   I wanted to keep those parts. And I got this. Now, 
even here, I was like, I don't know. I actually   want the can in the ice. So, what do you think I 
did here? Same exact process. I copied this image.   I copied the foundation image, went back to Nano 
Banana Pro, and I said, "Hey, just put it in ice."   And that's what we got here. And what you will 
also notice in these prompts, you see right here,   these prompts are very, very simple. When I give 
it a reference image, like you see here, right,   the one before it's holding the can, it knows Nano 
Pro smart. It understands like, hey, they gave it   the reference images. They want me to change 
it. I'm going to keep the lighting the same,   the aesthetics the same, the shadows the same, the 
text the same. You don't need to repeat yourself.   Alls you need to give it is the changes you 
want. So that sort of workflow is how you need to   essentially iterate on these starting frames, 
right? Just because you got an image you didn't   necessarily like, if you liked parts of it, go 
ahead, use that as a reference image, use that to   create something you actually want. Now, there's 
one more thing I need to talk about in this step   when it comes to creating the starting images. And 
it is extremely important. what we just went over.   This was the first frame of the first scene. 
So this first frame of the first scene where   we're establishing the lighting and the vibes and 
the aesthetic, this is not only a first frame,   this is sort of our quasi foundation image 
as well. So while I did create this original   foundation image of our product, this also 
becomes sort of foundation image 1B in terms   of the aesthetic. So moving forward as I create 
all additional scenes, if it includes the product,   I'm not only going to include this image, I'm also 
going to include this image as well. Furthermore,   if I'm creating additional scenes and they don't 
include the product, I will still include this as   a reference image so it knows what the scene 
should look like visually, right? Shadows,   lighting, aesthetic, camera, all that. Now, as an 
example of what the heck I'm talking about, I'm   talking about this. This was a starting image for 
another scene down the line. Notice the prompt,   right? AI gave me that prompt. I brought it 
to Claude. But I want you to pay attention   to the attachment. You see that attachment 
down here? That attachment is this. Now,   I put that there so it actually understands 
what I want the scene to look like visually. And   you'll notice this image and this image, they 
have the same sort of like visual aesthetic,   right? So that's what I'm talking about in terms 
of using these images to essentially leaprog your   way down the scenes to make sure everything's 
consistent. So you're just going to repeat that   process over and over for each scene in your 
storyboard. You're going to go to AI, you're   going to explain the scene, it's going to give you 
the prompt, you're going to go to Nano Banana Pro,   you're going to include the appropriate reference 
images, and you're just going to go down the list,   right? Just go down the list, knock them all out, 
and once you have that for each and every scene,   you're ready to move forward. So now we're at 
step four where we create the actual videos.   And the process is relatively simple. So all 
you're going to do for each and every scene is   you're going to take that starting image that 
you created. You're going to drop it into your   video generator and then you're going to include 
the prompt. Now just like before in step three,   we are going to be relying on AI for that video 
prompt. And a nice little trick you can do is when   you ask AI to create those image prompts for you, 
you can simultaneously ask for a video prompt to   go along with it. if you didn't do that already. 
What you can also do is you can go to AIS,   you can dump in your starting frame and then ask 
it for a video prompt to go along with that. And   once it gives you the prompt, you paste it in and 
you generate it. Now, a few notes. First of all,   what sort of video generator should we use? 
There's actually a lot of them on the market   right now and it's changing rapidly. As of today, 
you know, mid December 2025, I think the best one   lately is Cling Video01. This one is great for a 
number of reasons. First of all, it does really   good in terms of action sequences and also 
if you've watched some of my previous videos,   I'll put a link above. Cling Video 01 also lets 
us edit videos. Now, the downside with Cling 01 is   you don't get any audio, right? If you want audio, 
you need to look at either VO3.1 fast or Clling   2.6. But if you're not worried about the actual 
audio being generated natively in the video,   I suggest using Cling 01. It's actually really, 
really good. Now, a quick note on video creation.   Remember, you are very rarely going to use the 
entire length of whatever is generated. Now,   in my first draft of my ad, I actually included 
parts of this video, but if you watch it from   beginning to end, you'll notice it has this crazy 
stuff at the beginning, right? where she literally   takes off the goggles and then another one comes 
down. But if I look at the clip strictly from, you   know, here to here, right, it works just fine. So 
remember, when you're looking at these generations   and there's some wonkiness to them, and honestly, 
you're seeing less of that in 01 versus VO 3.1,   and this is 3.1 right here. That's still totally 
okay. You just need 1 to 2 seconds that actually   works. And another technique I want to talk about 
is first frame, last frame. If we take a look at   this video, right? How am I able to create a 
video if I'm only relying on the first frame,   but the first frame of the scene isn't going to 
include my product, right? It's impossible to   recreate that product from a text prompt only. But 
you probably are going to want to create some sort   of dynamic scenes where like your product or your 
person shows up in the middle of it. So, what are   you supposed to do? Well, what you're going to do 
is you're going to create an end frame. Just like   we can give these video generators that starting 
frame, right? In this case, an empty screen,   I can also give them the final frame of that 
video, right? And if I click, if I zoom in, right,   you can see I added both the starting frame and 
the end frame. And that end frame was this guy.   So, all I did is I went inside of Nano Banana Pro. 
I generated this image. I then generated an image   without it. And then I went inside of Cling01 
and I gave it, hey, starting frame, end framed,   and gave it the prompt. So, always understand if 
you're trying to create Oh, that's messed up. If   you're trying to create scenes where stuff shows 
up in the middle, right, and you definitely know   what you want the ending to look like, don't 
be afraid to do end frames as well as beginning   frames. Beginning frames are just the baseline 
must-have. End frames are just sort of like a   more advanced technique that again gives you more 
control. And the rest of step four is just going   to continue along like that. Just like we did in 
step three where we went scene by scene with the   images. Now you're going to go scene by scene 
creating the videos. Now you might see some of   my shots, you know, and you're like, "Hey, like I 
would have never even thought to do like low angle   stuff like this. I don't even know about these 
sort of angles in general." Well, in that case,   I'm actually going to push you to uh another video 
I created, the links above, where I go over camera   control and angles and also includes an a giant 
prompt library to help you come up with sort of   the um vocabulary to give AI to give you these 
sort of cinematic shots that otherwise you just   don't know about. So, you've created your videos 
for each scene. Now, we can move on to our final   step, which is production. Now, I'm no editing 
expert, but I'll kind of teach you some of the   basics. I'm using Cap Cut. You can download Cap 
Cut for free. You're just going to dump all your   videos into here. And then all you do is you drag 
and drop them into your timeline. At that point,   all you really need to do is figure out what 
you want the order to be and how long you want   each scene to be. When it comes to each scene and 
each shot, the shorter the better. Okay? When it   comes to AI video, it's getting really good, but 
the longer the video goes on for a single shot,   the more likely some sort of like AI issue is 
going to pop up. So, play to your strengths.   Keep the scenes short. Now, note this cool little 
editing trick where it switches um scenes, that   was all done with AI using Cling 01. Uh check the 
video above. I'll link it um for a quick tutorial   how to do that. It's very easy. The other thing 
you want to think about, and often times this   will also play into when you change your shots, 
is the audio. Um for me, I actually just used AI   generated audio for this. I used 11 Labs. I'm on 
their $5 a month plan, but I'm pretty sure they'll   generate audio for you, including the music for 
free as well. But use whatever you want. And uh   often times you'll see that the shots change like 
on a specific beat. So that can also be something   um that can help structure your videos cuz oftent 
times it can be difficult if you're brand new to   this to figure out what that structure should look 
like. But the editing doesn't need to be create be   crazy. You've really done 99% of the work before 
you get here when it comes to the character   consistency and the scene consistency. And you can 
really see that right as we move from character   to character and scene to scene. Even when the 
background changes, the lighting sort of like   the camera you would imagine all this was shot on, 
it's the same, right? And that's what we're going   for. And most importantly, the product that we 
showcase throughout here is the same as well. Now,   before we wrap this video up, as I promised in 
the beginning, I'm going to show you a quick way   to essentially recreate everything we did in this 
video automatically. It takes like three clicks.   So, Nvidia has a tool called MoneyShot. And all 
you have to do is a click on the tool and I'll   show you how to do that in a second. And then 
you just add reference images of your product,   right? I gave four images of the can, like 
a few side views, the back and front are   the same as well as the top. You can do up 
to eight images. And then you just have it   go to work and it creates a video like this. 
Power. Chase the moment. Chase the legend. So, it was able to create essentially 
a cinematic ad with this little prompt   that I did no additional input with and a bare 
minimum of images, right? We could have gone way   more in-depth with more reference images. 
You can go more in depth with the prompt,   but for four images in two clicks, right? 
Actually, a really solid job. So to do that   yourself inside of Invido, all you do is you go 
down to trends, you go to moneyshot, and then   it has a bunch of different options here, right? 
You can see ones that are more actionbased. Um,   you can see ones that's like are like studio. 
So there's a bunch of variations of that, but   the point is the same. You just click it. You then 
include all of your reference images and you can   adjust the prompt as you want. So, if everything 
we went through here was a little too complicated   and you kind of wanted to almost get a proof of 
concept of how this could work with your product,   this is a great way to do that. So, this is 
where we're going to end it today. As always,   let me know in the comments what you thought. 
Check out my school communities. There are tons   of free resources there if you're into this 
sort of thing. And as always, I'll see you

=== Did ChatGPT's New Image Model Just Beat Nano Banana Pro? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xYj8dgfiDo

Chad GPT's brand new image model just hit number one on the Ella Marina leaderboard, beating out Google's Nano Banana Pro. Coupled with the release of GPT 5.2 this week, these model updates have been OpenAI's code red response to Google Gemini absolutely dominating the AI scene these past few months. But how legit are these leaderboard results? And do we truly have a new AI image model king? Well, I ran this model through a ton of tests to see how it did with ultrarealistic images, editing, reference photos, multi-image prompts so that I could give you a no BS verdict on how good this image model truly is from somebody who uses AI tools every single day. So, to start, let me just explain what LMA is and why everyone's freaking out about it being number one. So, Elmarina is just the AI Pepsi challenge. You go on this website, you give it a prompt, you say, I want to create an image of whatever. It gives you two responses. You choose which response you like the best, but you don't know which model it was. It tells you the model after the fact. And based on this blind study, this blind test, GPT image 1.5 is number one, followed very closely by Nano Banana Pro. the difference between the two, 1264 versus 1235, it's essentially neck andneck, which is why I created this video, because I think it's important to see these two models up close in the real world in some head-to-head challenges so you can make the right call as to which one you actually want to use. So, let's test this guy out. The first test we're going to do is just going to be a text prompt, and we're looking for a hyperrealistic close-up portrait. It's going to be of a Viking shield maiden. Again, we're just going to be looking at the face. And this is where we want to see, does this actually look like a human being? How does it do on the details? And this right here is the image it created. Now, the first thing you're going to notice is this is infinitely better than anything Chad GBT was giving us before. This is light years ahead. And very quickly, you can see some similarities in terms of Nanobanana because the detail is really good and it actually looks like a person. Another thing to note is how quickly it created this image. Before it took like 90 seconds to create an image. Now, it's just as fast, if not slightly faster than Gemini. Chatbt also gives me the ability to edit the image using Adobe Express inside of the app, right? I can crop it, remove the background, erase things. Very intuitive and simple. Now, let's compare this directly with the image I got from Nano Banana. And here's the Nano Banana Pro version. Now, right away, what do you notice? I would argue in terms of detail and quality, very close. I would probably give a slight edge to Nano Banana Pro. But the two other things I want you to take note of are the resolution and the aspect ratios. For Nano Banana Pro, I can do 1K, I can do 2K, I can do 4K. Okay? And in terms of aspect ratios, I have almost any one you can think of. 1:1, 2:3, 3:2, 16x9, right? 9 by6. GPT's image 1.5, I only have three options for aspect ratio. That's going to be 1 one, 2:3, and 3:2. That's it. And in terms of quality, it's just low, medium, high. And here they are side by side. GPT on the left, Nano Banana Pro on the right. And this is at high quality, by the way, on the left. Right. Still a much lower resolution than what we get with the 2K Gemini Pro. This isn't even 4K. So for test number two, we're looking at text. Again, this is a place where historically AI really, really struggles with. Can it create text that actually makes sense, especially if it's small? So I gave it a pretty simple prompt. You'll see that here on the bottom. I said, "Create an ultradetailed infographic with tons of text that explains how LLMs work." So, here's GPT's result. Honestly, pretty strong. Now, we can nitpick this, right? Why is the 'the' right over here on the left? Why is that shrunken? Why is learn patterns kind of bolded, but it's not bolded down here, right? There's some inconsistencies. I don't know what the heck this thing is supposed to be, but again, a huge leap forward from its previous model, and by and large, I understand what it's trying to do. And this is a pretty difficult ass because of how small the text needs to be. And here's Nano Banana Pro's attempt. Honestly, it looks more crisp, but that's more of just like a stylistic thing. But actually, I think the text actually came out a lot worse in this one. First of all, all this vocabulary on the bottom left. It just keeps repeating token but then tokens. And then these words down here don't make any sense. Over here on the right, if I really zoom in, like what is this? What is this even saying? That's complete nonsense. Um, but also it tried to do much smaller text compared to its opponent. So overall, it actually put this slightly behind what GPT 1.5 gave us. But overall, again, kind of neck and neck. I don't think either one blew the other one out of the water. So for this test, we are going to see how well it does with reference images and character consistency. So I fed it a reference image. A reference image of me sitting at my desk, right? This isn't green screened. It's going to have to take stuff out of the background. It's also going to have to essentially extrapolate what it sees in the top third of my body and figure out what the rest is supposed to look like. So, I fed it that image and then I gave it the prompt, show the man in image one, the reference image you just saw, crouching at the edge of a cliff overlooking a black sand beach, low angle 4K. Right? So, again, GPT on the left, Nano Banana on the right. Overall, right, when you look at these at first glance, I kind of like GPT images better. Right? I kind of like the lighting better. I think it did a better job of actually conveying a low angle shot versus the one on the right. And then in terms of just overall quality about neck and neck, right? So if we actually zoom in on this guy, I will say I will say this does a decent job of creating someone that looks like me. Right? I can tell differences. I see this face all the time. You, the viewer, probably think that looks just like me for the most part, right? I think it did a really good job. And if we look at more details like the shoes, the rocks, right? these minute things. The hands obviously all of it kind of passes the eye test. Now with Nano Banana Pro, obviously the quality is solid. I don't like the lighting choice as much, which is okay. But again, we look at my face, you know, close enough. Body makes sense. And then the actual minute details of the image itself, like everything checks out, right? You look at these two images, I don't think you see necessarily like, oh, like this one's clearly better than the other. That there's a clear winner. Now, that being said, if I had to choose between these two, I would give the nod to GPT image 1.5, right? I think it just did a better job of adhering to the prompt, right? I don't really consider this one on the right a low angle. Well, let's take it a step further because I did another test essentially seeing how it does at editing an image and keeping character consistency if we do an edit of an edit. So, I took the images you just saw, fed them to the model as a reference image, then gave it the prompt of have them standing on that same beach, but now it's dusk side profile camera shot. And again, both did a decent job. Although, I will say again, GPT image 1.5. I feel like it actually did worse at character consistency this time. Uh, I mean, maybe that's just personal bias, but I feel like it made me like it took six inches off of me. um versus Nano Banana Pro. I feel like it was a little more accurate. But again, I didn't give it a full body shot, but it created one in the previous one. And I would argue that this image looks closer to this one than this one looks like this one, right? So, I think in terms of edits of edits, which you could argue is not necessarily a great practice, um I think Nano Banana Pro gets the edge there. But truthfully, again, both of these are pretty solid. And you're starting to see the pattern here, which is these two models are both really good, and they are very much neck andneck. So, here's our final test. And this is one where you start to see Nano Banana Pro kind of pull away a little bit. So, for this one, I told it to create a superhero style movie poster with all the characters in the reference image. I gave it eight reference images. All the little anime characters you see here, plus the dragon, that was eight. I told it use all eight for the poster. It did all eight in Nano Banana Pro. It did not do all eight here in GPT image 1.5. Now, why is that? Well, because Nano Banana Pro can take way more reference images. I believe it's up to 16. Now, GPT did not disclose the exact amount of reference images, but I have my suspicions that it's probably capped around five or six. Now, you will also notice that when I told it to do a movie poster, I think the Nano Pro did a better job of that, right? I think you have like, you know, the typical stuff here, right? You know, like all the uh credits and all that. Even has a little Marvel thing at the bottom, and we'll talk about that in a second. Um, versus GPT image 1.5. So, in terms of reference images and being able to throw a bunch of stuff at it, I think Nano Banana Pro gets the nod. And from there, let's kind of roll into my final verdict and what I think about these models and and where I think GBT image kind of struggles a little bit. So, my final verdict is this. When we look at all these images, right, and we just kind of go down the list, they're very close. In some instances, I took GPT image 1.5. In some instances, I took Nano Banana Pro. So, in a vacuum, you stack them image to image. Coin flip, right? Maybe a slight edge to Nano Banana Pro, but truthfully, I think it's kind of an eye of beholder thing. Now, in terms of like which one should you use, I think it's still clearly Nano Banana Pro. Now, why is that? because there's a lot more than just purely the image quality. There's the flexibility things. First of all, we talked about it already. The actual image quality and the resolution itself way better for Nano and Banana Pro. I can do 2K, I can do 4K. You just can't get that with GPT image 1.5. This is as high of quality as you can go and this is not 2K. Secondly, the aspect ratio issue. I can only do three ratios and it's 2:3 or 3:2. I can't even do like 16x9 or 9x6, right? Why am I being limited like this? For essentially no reason. And the last reason I would use Nano Banana Pro is because of this image right here. If I ask Nano Banana Pro through the API to create an image of someone standing next to LeBron James, it's going to show me this picture. If I ask image 1.5 that same thing, we're going to get a sensitive content restriction and it's not going to create it. I do not trust OpenAI not to restrict the hell out of their system. We saw it with Soore 2. Why are we not going to see with image 1.5? I am hesitant to put my eggs in this basket when tomorrow they might tell me, "Hey, you can't generate realistic images anymore. You can't generate realistic videos of people with Sore 2 without some workarounds right now." So, I kind of have that hanging over my head and it wouldn't be the first time they've done a bait and switch after they release a new model. Tons of people use it and then a few days later like, "Well, not really." So, it's those reasons, primarily the flexibility, why I would still stick with Nano Banana Pro. If that wasn't the case, and they had all the same functionality, it would straight up be a coin flip, I think, for me. But those are my thoughts on the situation. Honestly, it's a win for everybody no matter what. The more competition, the better. So, hopefully this helped give you some perspective and some insight as to why GPT Image 1.5 is doing so good on Almina and what it looks like in real world testing. So, as always, leave me some comments. Let me know what you thought.

=== Turn Any n8n Workflow into a Full AI SaaS with Claude Code ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gebdlgDhwAY

So, you've built your NAND workflow, but it's sitting there doing nothing. No users, no revenue, no product. But what if I told you we could take that workflow and turn it into a full-fledged AI SAS in a single cloud code session? I'm talking front end, backend, authentication, databases, deployment, all without writing a single line of code. Well, that is exactly what I'm going to teach you today as I show you how to go from a simple NAND workflow and turn it into an actual AI SAS product. And what sounds extremely intimidating on the surface is actually much simpler than you think. And it is a skill you 100% need to have if you want to make money with AI as we move into 2026. So, this is going to be a fun one. There's a ton of value in this lesson. So, let's just get started. So, the ultimate goal of today's video is to show you how to take your NADN AI automation or agent and turn it into this an actual SAS product. Now, along the way, we're going to hit on a number of different things, right? I'm going to show you how to do the front end, which is what you see here. How to do the back end, which is the, you know, coding logic that makes sure when I click different buttons, things actually work. I'm going to show you how to set up authentication, so you can actually log in and data can be set for specific users. I'm going to show you how to set up a database to store all that data using superbase. I'm going to show you how to deploy the app using Verscell. And really what I'm going to show you is how to harness the power of Cloud Code. Now, if you hear Claude Code and you instantly get a little anxious because you've never used it before, that's okay. I'm going to link a video above that is essentially a beginner's guide to Claude Code. You do not have to be that technical to use this tool. So, don't let that lack of experience stop you. If you watch that video, it should take you about 30 40 minutes. You'll be ready to go for this lesson. So, before we start our Cloud Code adventure, let's just talk about what this automation is actually doing so we're all on the same page. So, this is just a viral Tik Tok video analyzer. The user inputs a submission saying, "Hey, this is the channel I want to look at." It then uses an Appify scraper to scrape the latest five videos from there. And then it does analysis on the videos using Gemini. So, it's breaking down, hey, here's the hooks they use. to use their general call to action, their story lines. Here's what they're doing. Here's what you could do to replicate that, right? Is to help people create short form content. What you see here is actually a simplified version of it, which I simplified simply for time. And I have a full video that breaks down this in-depth, and I'll link that above. Hint, you can actually get the workflow for this one by heading to my free school community. Check the pin comment. And so, we want to take this viral video analyzer and sassify it, right? So what that looks like in the SAS product is once I log in I'm then brought to this page which is the analysis and then I simply input the channel name of whatever video I'm trying to analyze. That analysis is then completed on the back end inside of NADN which then pushes the output back to our web page. And so you see the video breakdown analysis, right? The concept, the audience, a hook analysis, content structure, visual style and recreation framework, right? So that's what our app is doing, but we've taken it outside of this and actually put a pretty face on it. So you could, you know, hey, scale this up, throw Stripe on it, actually charge people for this product. So how do you do that for your particular end automation or agent? So, what we need to do is we need to essentially break down what our automation does, what we want our app to look like, and we're going to put that inside of a document that's known as a PRD, a product requirements document. That's just us putting our thoughts on paper. Now, what that is eventually going to turn into is it's going to turn into a document called claude.md. That's kind of what you see right here. Now, claude.m MD, this is a file for claude code to look at that gives it a broad overview of essentially what it is you're trying to build. This gives it constant context for it to understand, hey, this is what they want me to actually create. That way, as you create your project, as you do all these things, it always has a document to go and reference and essentially ground it, right? So, it's never like, oh man, I forgot what I'm building, right? I forgot the architecture. We're going to lay all that out at the beginning so we know exactly what we're building, what the tech stack is. That way when cloud coder goes to work, we're not stopping in the middle of the project and being like, hm, what should we actually do for our database? What should we actually do for our backend architecture? We're going to figure all that out on the front side. And if that is fleshed out very, very well, it's going to make this process so much easier. And so to help you out, I've created this PRD/Claude MD template that you can take and then bring to Claude code and you can have a conversation with Claude to flesh this out and it will establish essentially your architecture and your vision for what it is you're trying to build. And so what it talks about is first is your end automation like what does it do? What are the inputs? What are the outputs? And then we go into things like the front end and the back end, the database, the authentication, and then hosting. Now you'll notice here inside the template I include a lot of default things for you already especially with the text stack right I'm saying hey we should do this with NexJS14 with an app router we're going to be superbase for our backend now you don't have to use this I put these in here in case you're kind of just like I don't really know what to do Chase like this is my first time doing it like what do you recommend well this is what I recommend and the reason I recommend these things is because this is stuff that AI tends to be really good at when it comes to coding right next JS sort of architecture and so you know you're not going off the beaten path here. It has tons of training data on it and it's going to give you a good product. And so what we're going to do is we're going to copy this whole template and we're going to bring it into cloud code. Now before we open up cloud code I want you to just create a new folder somewhere. It can be anywhere probably in your documents. I'm just going to do it on the desktop so you can see it. And this is where our project is going to be. So we're just going to call this nadn SAS test. Right. Right. Smack dab in my desktop. And then I'm going to open up claude code. So I run claude code inside of cursor. So I open up cursor. I just went to open new folder. I click my new folder. And here we go. So I'm going to start a new terminal. I'm just going to type in cloud. Now what I want to do is I first just want to add a new file inside of my folder. So I'm going to come up to the left. I'm just going to call this um prompt one. And inside here I'm going to paste inside that template. And then the second thing I'm going to do is I'm actually going to download my N&N workflow JSON. and I'm going to put it into this folder as well so it can understand what it's working with. And so alls I did is I dragged and dropped that JSON over here to the left. So we've given it the template and the JSON. So now I just said take a look at the prompt one file and the Naden JSON I just dropped in. I want to create an AI SAS using the Naden automation as the back end. Let's run through the prompt one template to start. We will use that as the base for cloudmd file you will create. You will also notice I'm on plan mode. So right now we're just having a conversation with the AI cuz all we want to do our goal is to get on the same page in terms of what the heck the plan is. So as it goes through the template and the JSON file, it's going to have a number of questions for you with potential answers. Don't be afraid to just type something in here if you have no idea what it's asking for. You need some more context. But what you will probably get asked at some point is a web hook question. And this is important. So let's talk about sort of the web hook infrastructure because web hooks are how we connect this NADN backend essentially to the front end. So this is what your N automation probably looks like. It has some sort of input, some sort of output. These inputs and outputs will need to change when we turn it into a SAS because we can no longer use a form submission and we can no longer have it terminate with Air Table. We need a way to connect it to here to what you have online. And to do that, we're going to use a web hook. Now the way the web hook works is when someone submits something on my web page, right? They want to look at a channel. That's a certain amount of information. That information is going to be sent to this web hook. From there, it does everything it needs to do. And then we need to send a response back to our web app that says, "Hey, here's the output. Here's all the information I got." Because all this video breakdown, right? All the stuff you see here, this is created here inside of NADN. We just need some way to push it there. And so on the back end, we will be doing an HTTP request. Why do we not have a respond to web hook request like you've seen in previous videos? Well, because it may take longer than you think, and we don't want to deal with any sort of timeouts. As for the HTTP request, we're going to do post. For the URL, this will change, but we'll just set it to localhost for now. What I want you to do then is to save it, set it to active, bring back the web hook, and go to production URL and copy that. At some point, Cloud Code will ask you if you have your Nitend URL ready. I'm going to say, hey, I have it ready. It's now asking if you have a domain. I'm just going to say we will test inside of local host for now. And then I'm just going to submit my answers. So, you will continue that back and forth with Claude until you're satisfied with sort of the plan it's come up with. If it is close to your vision and you think it has a good grasp of what you're trying to build, we're going to go ahead and move forward and you can just hit shift tab and you can move off of plan mode. You should have been on plan mode to start. We can go to accept edits and you're just going to tell it, hey, I now want you to create that claw.md file. And this is that claw.md file. Again, this looks very similar to the template we were looking at before, but now now it has filled out everything, right? We have our web hook URL in here. It's looked at some of the JSON elements of how data is going to look when it both comes in and out of the automation. And essentially all the architecture we have built is right here. Now if for whatever reason you're like you know what I don't know if this is legit, you know what you can do? You can take something like this, copy paste it, bring it to chat GPT, bring it to Gemini, you can always get a second opinion from other AI systems to make sure Claude hasn't hallucinated some crazy plan. But by and large, by following the template and by doing an app with this sort of text stack, it's going to give you something that's solid. So now it's time to let Claw just go to work, right? We're going to let it spread its wings and fly. And now we're going to tell it begin with the project setup. So begin with the project setup. And now it's going to send it and it's going to start coding everything. Now, as it does this, you're going to get a lot of questions where it's going to ask you, hey, do you want to proceed with this command? You're going to have the options for yes and yes, don't ask again. For the most part, you're going to want to do just yes, don't ask again. There is an option, right? If I do a new terminal and I were starting up claude, another claude code terminal, if I do claude space- dangerly skip permission, dangerously skip permissions. This essentially allows Claude to bypass ever asking my permission for certain commands. So, I don't suggest doing this right away if you have no idea what it's doing. But understand um as you get a little more experience and if you're tired of constantly giving it permission, there is sort of the nuclear option. So, we let cloud code go to work and you can see it created the entire project infrastructure for us. It breaks it down in this graph, but you can also see everything that was created over here on the left. And so, now it gives us the next steps of what it's going to do and what we need to do. So what we are going to need to do now is we need to set up Superbase. We're going to need to configure our environment variables and then we need to update our N workflow before we can finally start this app on our local host aka on our computer to test it out and see what we missed. So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to head to Superbase. This is something you can do totally for free. And Superbase is where our database is going to live. So you're going to head to superbase.com. You're going to create an account and then you're going to go to start your project. We're going to go to new project. Call it whatever you want. We'll call this naden YouTube test. Give it a password. And then you're going to do create new project. Now it's going to take you to this page on the left. I want you to go to SQL editor. And SQL editor for all intents and purposes. This is where we're going to put in some code essentially and it's going to create the structure for our actual database tables. You could do this manually or since Cloud Code is so great, it gave us all the code to do it automatically. And so it tells us that as well. It says run the SQL schema from cloud.md in the SQL editor. So we're going to go back to our cloud MD file. We're going to find that SQL. You can see right here under database, right? It gives us the schema and this is what we're going to copy paste into there. So, we're just going to go here, right underneath SQL, and we're going to copy all of this back inside the SQL editor, paste this in here, and right, and this does everything, right? This is going to set up the tables. It's going to set up the row level security again. You just have to copy paste. We're going to hit run over here on the right. And then you should see it say success. No rows returned, right? That means it worked. If you come over to the left and you click on database, you can see what it created, right? So, we have a table for the actual jobs, right? The actual work being done. And then we have our actual profiles. And this is also going to play into the authentication, which allows us to, you know, have someone go on to the website and create a profile based on their email. And we're just going to keep going down the list and knocking out the things we need. So, next, it needs us to copy our credentials over tov.local. So, if I come over here, you see over here.v.local. local. Now, this section is essentially where all of your secrets, so to speak, are going to be posted. Now, it's av.local file. So, the thing is eventually we're going to push this to GitHub. These secrets will not be exposed here, but our project still needs to know about them so it can actually talk to Superbase and talk to all these things. So, what you're going to do is we're going to go into Superbase. We're going to find those different secrets and we're going to paste them into here. So, we're going to hop back into Superbase. You're going to come up here to the top where it says connect. You're going to go to app frameworks. And this is where you're going to find your next public Superbase URL. So, I'm going to copy this. And don't worry, everything you see here secrets wise and keywise for me, I'm going to delete after this video. Paste that in there. Next, we need the Superbase Anon key. And to get here, you'll go to project settings. You're going to go to API keys on the left. And this is where you're going to see your anon public key as well as your service ro secret. You're going to copy both of these and paste them here in their appropriate places. Next up, make sure your NEN web hook URL matches the production URL. And for now, we are not going to be doing the NN web hook secret, although that's something you could always add at a later time. For app URL, for now, local host is just fine. This is something we will change once we actually deploy it. So, make sure you save that and we're set when it comes to setting up our environment variables. Next, it says we need to update our NAN workflow. But as you'll see, this is something we'll update once we get the test server running. That way, we can actually see what the data looks like when it's flowing back and forth. So now what we're going to do is we're going to tell it we did all this and we want to start our dev server. So we told it to start up the dev server and it gave us the link localhost 3000. So we're just going to follow the link. So here's where it took us. Obviously hideous, right? But the UI is something we can change later. First, we just want to make sure the core functionalities work. So let's check the authentication. So going to go ahead and log in. So let's do an email and we'll do passwords. So we created our account. Superbase then automatically sent me an email to confirm it. So confirm. And now we'll log in again. So login is working. Now it's time to test the actual functionality of our app. Now this will not work [laughter] off the bat immediately. So we're going to be doing some troubleshooting with cloud code inevitably and we will probably have to tinker with the end workflow a little bit as well. And so to do that just have executions tab up and ready to go so we can see how data is moving around. So first test let's see what happens. All right failed to create job. So all I'm going to do is I'm going to go inside of cloud code and tell it what happened. So I just ran the error inside of cloud code and it's telling me it looks like there's an issue in Superbase with the SQL code it gave us. So it gives us the code to update it. So I'm just going to copy this. Go to the SQL editor. Open up a new tab. Paste this in. Right. It says success. No rows returned. So let's try again. And when I started the analysis this time, we can see right away we get a loading bar. So data got sent in some form. Let's see if it uh also got sent on the Naden side. So looking at our executions tab, we have gotten some data, which is important, right? The web hook has a green check mark, which means our web app over here is actually sending data to NAND, although something's getting stuck along the way. But most importantly, we know data is moving back and forth. So I'm going copy to editor. But when I look at the Tik Tok scraping, it looks like we have some issues with what is being passed here. You can see how this is read. So, I'm just going to pull this up. And chances are we just need to change how this is mapped. So, what should be mapped here is the actual profile. So, I'm just going to delete this. And I'm going to map over the username. Now, that should work. So, I'm going to ahead and save this. And then what we're going to do is we're going to go back to analysis and we're just going to run this again and see what happens. Now here's a look on our second run and we can notice this looks way better. We didn't get hung up on the ampify node and data actually passed through everything all the way till we got to the final HTTP request which is where we need to send data back up to our app. So we're going to debug an editor. Unpin. I'm gonna go ahead and just pin all this data for now so it doesn't accidentally rerun it. And let's take a look at our HTTP request. So right now the the reason it's not working should be obvious. This probably isn't the right URL. And we're also not sending an actual body. So what we're going to do is we're just going to go to cloud code and we're going to ask it what we should do. So I just wrote I got an error on the HTTP request node. At the end of the execution, what should the URL be and what should the JSON body be? Now, you might not even know to necessarily ask that question, right? So, what you can also do is if you get stuck in your workflow somehow, just save the workflow, download it, and just like we did at the beginning, drop it in to the folder that you're working on. That way, Claude Code has an updated view of what's going on. And it can also tell you, hey, this is what I think is working. This is what isn't. This is what we can change to get it working. Right? So, this is what it's telling us we should use for the callback URL. So, let's see how what that looks like. I'm going to copy that. Paste that in here. Set it to expression. Now, this is red, so I know this isn't exactly correct, but it's trying to call back to a call back URL. So, if I go back to the web hook, does it give me a call back URL? And it does. You see that right here at the bottom with this. So, I'm going to get rid of this. Put this in here. And there we go. Now, that should work. Now, next, we need the JSON body. And again, clawed code has provided. So, we want to make sure we're on post. And then this is the body we want to pass. So, oftent times when it gives you this, you'll notice it's red. So, it isn't exactly correct. But, you know what it's looking for, right? It's trying to reference the original web hook and it wants the job ID. So, alls I'm going to do again, go back to the original web hook. And I'm searching for the job ID. And I see that right here. So, it gave me a 90% solution, but you know, you're smart enough to take a look at what it's trying to do. Next, it's trying to do videos. Now, what is this talking about? Well, we know it's just JSON dot. So, it's essentially trying to find the output. So, if we go to the anal uh the basic LLM chain, it wants this full output. So, if I put this in here, that's probably not going to work either, right? See how it says object object. So, what I'm going to do at this point is I'll just make sure it's on the last chain. And I'm just going to copy all this JSON. Just click this right here. And I'm going to say, hey, like this is the output we're getting. How should we set up the JSON body? So I just said this is the output before the HTTP request. And then I pasted in the line. So now Cloud Code has context of what I'm seeing in NAN. So it can give me a better fix. So it's given me a couple options, right? It gave me one like this, which is a little more complicated, but also a simpler approach. So let's try this stringify approach and see if that works. And so I tried it. Stringify option that you see right here. here and we can see over here on the right here's all the data. So it looks good. So let's see if third time is a charm. The analyze video and we'll bring up executions again. So we ended up getting one more error on the HTTP request. This time it says the service refused the connection. So again I'm just going to copy the errors and bring it back into cloud code. Now you can see in our latest run we've had a successful NAND execution. Now what was the latest thing we did here? Well the latest thing we did was we introduced Enro. Enro is something that allows us to create a essentially temporary URL because as you saw before we were running into some issues where this HTTP request wasn't able to go off because it was trying to send it to our local host aka our computer and it just couldn't do that. So just by troubleshooting that with cloud code, it was able to fix the problem on its own. And here's what the output looks like inside of our app. Yes, it looks hideous, but we don't care about that right now. We just wanted to make sure the functionality was working, which it is. Now, we can actually move on to making this UI look way nicer, right? So, that's what we're going to do now. Now, when it comes to creating a UI you like, that has a lot to do with personal taste. I suggest go find websites you like, take screenshots, bring them to Claude, and sort of work backwards from there. But, one place that's pretty good um is v0.appvz owned by Versel. Verscell is what we're going to use to deploy our application, but they're also the creators of Nex.js, which is part of our tech stack. Now, if you come to this website, if you go to design systems, let's say you were doing something with dashboards, they have a ton of different like dashboards examples you can look at. If you go to templates over here on the left, there are a ton of templates that users have created, and many of them actually look really good. Now, let's say we wanted to do this one, and you saw this one earlier, which is this brutalist void portfolio template, right? Looks pretty sweet. So, how can I do this? Should I just take a screenshot? Well, that's one option. But if we're inside of V 0ero, we can actually essentially dump all the code inside of cloud code. So if you want to do that, I'm just going to hit open in V 0. I'm going to click these three buttons on the top right. And then I'm just going to copy this command right here. Right? So three buttons, copy that command. We're then going to go into cloud code and we're going to say, hey, I want to work on the UI now. I want to essentially copy this UI design. And you're going to paste that command. So, I just wrote, "Let's work on making the UI look nice." Now, I want to copy the style, but with our content. I found it on V 0 and then I pasted that command in there. And then we're just going to hit go. All right. So, Claude just finished up with our UI redesign. That took it somewhere between 5 and 10 minutes. And so, we're just going to follow the link and see what it looks like. And here's what it came up with, right? Pretty darn close. Essentially the same as the example we gave it, right? We got this really cool hero page. We got some nice scrolling animations, some nice visuals, right? This looks good, you know. So, all we would do now is we would go through each page and just make sure the UI actually stuck. So, over here on the dashboard, we have that same font, that same kind of black and red vibe. Like, this looks really good. And if there was anything in particular I didn't like, it'd be simple as me taking screenshots of that particular item, bringing it back to Claude Code, and say, "Hey, let's fix this. Let's fix that." We're pretty much done with local testing, right? We know everything works. We like how it looks. Now, I want to get it out there in the real world. I want to deploy it. And that's going to be somewhat of a two-step process. First, we're going to push all this code to GitHub. And then once it's inside of GitHub, then we're going to go to Verscell and it's going to connect to GitHub and it's going to spin everything up. The nice thing about that is anytime we make a change to our code, it will get pushed to GitHub, which then automatically updates forcell, which automates our active deployment, right? So, it's always going to have the latest version ready to go. So, what you're going to do, you're going to go to github.com. You're going to create an account. It's totally free. You're going to see this dashboard. We're going to create a new repository. We're just going to call it nas YouTube. And then you can keep this as private. We're then going to create repository. And see all this. You can just copy this right here, all this stuff. And then we're just going to bring that to cloud code. We're going to say, hey, it's time to commit it to GitHub. Now, when you do this inside of Cloud Code, it may ask you to like connect certain GitHub accounts. You may need to do that the first time you run this, but once you do that, it's a very smooth process. Now, before we actually commit it, what I like to do just to kind of give me warm and fuzzy feeling is I'll just tell it run a production build and fix any errors before we commit this to GitHub and deploy. This kind of just lets it do a final once over to make sure we didn't miss anything. So, after it's done its once over, go ahead, paste in that information we took from GitHub and tell Claude Code to commit your codebase. Once you've done that, you can go back into GitHub, just refresh that page you're on, and you should see all of your code right here. Now, we're going to move to Verscell and actually deploy this. So, you're going to go to versell.com. You're going to create an account. Make sure you connect your GitHub account to Versel, right? We want those two things connected. You're then going to go to overview. We're going to add new project. And then it should automatically import your GitHub repository. So, I'm just going to click import on the NAN SAS one we just did. Now, when we get to this page, we're going to need to add some of our environment variables. And you'll notice that Claude Code tells us to do that as well. Now, of note, if it tells you to pass the next public app URL and it tells you to set the Verscell deployment URL, just go ahead and tell it that you're not going to know the deployment URL until after we deploy and it may make a few changes to your code. But beyond that, what you're going to do is these first four, we're just going to copy them. go inside of here and just paste them in there and get rid of that empty one. Next, you're just going to deploy. Now, when we're deploying it, understand we may run into issues here, just like we ran into issues with the functionality. And we're just going to go through the same process. It'll give you an error. You'll give it the cloud code and you'll keep iterating until it fixes it. And I promise you, it's going to fix it. Okay. So, right on Q, it looks like we had a deployment fail with a certain error. So, all you're going to do is you're going to copy this. You'll come back to cloud code and just say got deployment error and then paste it in there. Right? And then just continue to repeat this process until the deployment succeeds. All right. So after that first hookup, it was able to deploy. And you'll get a page that looks like this. So I'm just going to go to continue to dashboard. And right here we have the domain. Now you can always go out and buy your own domain, right? They're giving you a domain right here. But it's super easy to come into the dashboard and add a real domain. But they give you this one for free. So if I click on it, I'm here on our app. And the final step is just to make sure that everything works. So just like we tested everything in the local dev server, now would be the time to go through all the pages, to go through all the steps, right? Logging in, creating a new account, doing the analysis, and making sure it works. Because sometimes things can be a little different when they're on the production side versus when it's done locally. Now, let me run through some of the common things you'll need to update when you go to production. First will be superbase. So, if you go to superbase, you go to authentication on the left and then you go to URL configuration. We're going to have to update this because before it was going to the local host when we created a new account. Now, it needs to go to our updated URL. You'll just need to replace that with your new URL and then slash off/allback. If you get confused, just bring your new domain to cloud code and say, "Hey, I have a new domain. Do I need to update anything inside of Superbase? It'll walk you through that step by step. And the next thing you need to do is just run the functionality test. You will probably get some sort of error because there's some disconnect between going from the local testing to prod. Again, just copy the entire error you get, bring it to Claude, and troubleshoot. And after one round of troubleshooting, we got it working, which is awesome. And so, this is where I'm going to leave you today. And we've actually covered quite a lot. We've gone from the single NADN automation and we actually have turned it into a full-blown AI SAS product. Now, the work is definitely not done. What you have in your hands right now is an MVP. This is something you can actually take to the market and ask, do people care about it and will they buy it? The next steps are just that, adding some sort of payment structure with Stripe. Again, Claude Code can walk you through that. And then actually the nitty-gritty details of making sure everything works exactly how you want it. Right? This is very bare metal, right? It gave us the functionality, but we can mess with things with the UI. We can change the user experience. There's a ton you can work on, but the point is you now have the foundation infrastructure to do that without writing a single line of code. So, I hope you were able to get a lot out of this video. As always, leave some comments down below. Let me know what you thought. Definitely check out the school resources. We have tons of free resources as well as the Chase AI Plus community, which is if you're a little more serious about turning AI into a career and making money. But either way, thanks for watching and I'll see you

=== This Secret Gemini 3 Prompt Creates Stunning Websites ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X0J6MZiwRE

So, we're going to use one prompt inside of Gemini 3 to build our website. Alls I'm going to say is, "Build me a website for my AI agency, Jace AI." And we just let it go to work. So, here's the landing page it created for us. And what do you notice right away? Well, what you should notice is that this stays away from a lot of the typical AI slop tropes you see everywhere else when you ask it to build you a web page. And you know exactly what I'm talking about. cheap looking icons, white background, blue and purple gradient, and the same font for everything. And you don't see that here. When I use that exact same prompt inside of Lovable, what do I get? I have a bluish purple gradient. I have the same cheap icons. I have the same font you see everywhere. Again, inside of chat GPT just looks cheap. Why is that? Why does this look so cheap and this looks much more premium yet we use the exact same prompt? How did we do that and how can you replicate it? Well, that's exactly what we're going to go over in today's video. But that's not all I'm going to cover today because it's not enough just to build a landing page inside of Gemini. I'm going to show you how to push it to GitHub, how to set it up inside of Versel, so we can actually deploy it and create a CI/CD pipeline. I'm also going to show you how to set up Tally inside of your website, which means we can take this web page we created and actually turn it into a salesunnel, right? We want people to come to our website. We want to get their information. we want to book them. How can you do that and how can you do it for free? I'm going to show you. Furthermore, I'm also going to show you how we can hook up a very simple end automation which then automatically responds to those leads and updates our CRM. Right? And the best part is virtually all of this is free. It's very simple to do. And by watching this video, you can go from zero to having a pretty cool looking website up and running with a salesunnel in about 30 minutes. So with that, let's get started. So, first things first, how were we able to create this web page? Why is this so different from all the AI slop stuff? It's because we were in Gemini because we the exact same prompt across all of them. Well, not exactly. The secret isn't that we use Gemini, although I suggest you do because it is brilliant when it comes to UI design. The reason is the system prompt. So, what is a system prompt? A system prompt is just an internal set of instructions for an AI system. So, the reason that my Gemini website looked like this and the lovable and chatgpt one looks so cheap and AI slop-like was because I was using a special system prompt inside of this Gemini system. And so, with a system prompt like this, you are able to create websites extremely easily that actually look good. And so, what we're going to do now is we're going to dive into the system prompt so you understand how it's working under the hood. So, first thing is the design analysis. So, it's going to figure out what sort of website you're actually creating, right? What's the design archetype? Is it SAS? Is it something that's more consumer? Something that's more corporate. Based on that, it's going to determine the overall characteristics, the font direction, and the color direction. That being said, if you have a SAS website you're building, but you want it to be more corporate or enterprise in nature, if you just tell it that, it knows what to do. From there, we move on to the visuals. So, in terms of typography, we're going to stay away from things like inter, which are like the typical AI slop fonts you see over and over again. and instead we're telling it to import a distinctive font from Google Fonts. Now, what's a distinctive font? Well, that's going to be up to the AI system, but you can also manually tell it what font you want. Now, if you head to fonts.google.com, it will take you here, which is a repository of like a billion different fonts. So, if you want to choose your own font, but you have no idea what font that would be, just head here and you can find it. Um, over on the left, they have a bunch of different fonts broken down by things like appearance or feeling or mood, right? Just take a look inside here. They're all free. So, if you tell the AI system to use a specific font you find here, you'll be able to do it. Next, we go into color. Again, we never use the AI slop gradient, right? White background, purple, blue gradient. We stay away from that. We also talk about the spacing and layout. Again, we're looking for more modern, ultra premium feelings, right? When I look at this one, you can see over here on the right, the sort of like bento box format. Notice how there's sort of different sizes. The way they're spaced, the way it kind of jumps off the page when I go over it. This all elicits a modern premium feel, which you don't get by default with most AI systems. It then goes into interaction and motion and sort of tactile feedback. Again, what is that? That means, hey, when I go over these boxes, notice how it jumps off the page, right? Gives it the feeling that I'm actually touching it. We then dive into technical requirements like the type of icons we are using. Lastly, we again sort of hit on the common pitfalls that we want to avoid, right? We do not want AI slop. We want it to look like an actual web designer created this. Now, to actually use that system prompt again, you can create a custom GPT, a custom gem, put that as the custom instructions. Or you can literally just copy paste that into the prompt window right here and then give it your prompt and just mention like, hey, these are the, you know, guidelines I want you to follow when creating my web page. So, that's the system prompt. That's the secret sauce for creating this. Now, like you saw, I gave it a very simple prompt. All I said was create me a website for my AI agency, and it generated this. You can give it a much more specific prompt, right? You can go into like your actual mission statement. You can go into color palette. You can go into all sorts of things to get something that's much more custom. This essentially is like the default SAS agency type template it's using. But from here, I can edit it in any way I want. And I can do that just by prompting it. So, let's say I wanted I didn't like this acid yellow color scheme going on just and I just said let's change the color um scheme to have a dark orange instead of yellow. Right? And from there, it's just going to edit it on its own. And you're just going to repeat this process over and over till you get something you like. Right? The beauty of the system prompt I've given you is it's just a really strong foundation. And then from there, you kind of just pick and choose what you want to change, what you want to add, what you like, what you don't like. So, we see here, change the color scheme. But let's say I thought the background was a little boring. So, I could just say something like, add some background animation/ lighting that still feels premium, but also catches the eye. And again, this is still rather vague. But Gemini 3 does a really good job of taking your vague prompts and turning it into something that looks good. And so, what it gave us wasn't exactly a background animation, but you see kind of a subtle glow effect, which matches the color scheme we're going with. So overall, it actually kind of works. It might be hard to sort of see on the screen, but I do sort of like the subtle approach it come up with. And again, this is something you could iterate over and over with till you get what you want. And when it comes to figuring out what you exactly want, I think it's similar to fonts where often times we don't know what we don't know. And so you need to look for inspiration. You can give Gemini or whatever system you're using screenshots of websites you like and sort of aspects of it you want to sort of rip off and again feed it through the AI system and ask it to implement it. And places you can look at for inspiration is websites like Dribble. That's where I'm at here. It's dribble with threebs. If you're also looking for something like specific to call to actions, there's cta.g gallery. Another really good one is superhero. SU.io. Again, tons of cool websites. You can click on them. It'll show you all the assets. You can even often times jump to the actual website itself. Like with anything with AI, it helps to give it references. You just have to know where to find references. you like. So, at this point, you're going to continue to iterate till you get this website looking exactly how you want, right? It has the right text, all that good stuff. Now, let's say you complete this website, right? You've gone back and forth with Gemini. You have a web page you're comfortable with. How do we actually get this online? How do we actually deploy this so people can visit it? And then, how do we actually include that tally form I was talking about? So, when people go here and they click, hey, start audit, it actually works and brings them to the place where I can collect their information. Well, the first thing we're going to do is we're going to take this and we're going to move it to GitHub. Again, very easy. GitHub's more of a scary coding place for a lot of people, but this is where we're essentially going to take all this code and put it somewhere, right? It's not going to live in Gemini forever. And so to do that, we're just going to click code here. And all you're going to do is you're just going to copy this. So just click inside here, arr. And now we're going to head to GitHub. So you're going to go to github.com. You're going to create an account. Again, totally free. And then you're going to get to the main page which is here. And you're just going to hit new. And we're going to give it a name. So we're going to call this YouTube website test. All right. For visibility, we're going to put it on private. That way only you can see it. We don't want it to be public and people messing around with stuff. So private's totally fine. You can leave the rest as is. And now we're going to just create repository. It's going to bring you to this page. You're just going to click create a new file. And then you're going to see this. Paste it all in there. Right at the top, you're going to name your file. I want you to name it index.html. And then you're going to do commit changes. That's essentially like saving it. So, you're going to commit. And there you have it. You now have your first GitHub repository with all the HTML for your web page right there. Now, what we're going to do is now we're going to host it. Okay. Now, we're going to go to Verscell, which is also free. And this is where we essentially upload all this code and it's going to create the web page for us that you can actually visit. So, we're going to go to verscell.com. You're going to create an account, but very importantly when you create that account in Verscell, make sure you log in using your GitHub credentials. All right. Once you do that, and again, I'm going to have links to all these web pages in the description. You're going to go to overview, and we're going to go to add new project. Now, right now, we need to import our GitHub repository. And if you successfully connected your GitHub account, you should see your repository show up right here. We're just going to hit import. And all you're going to do is you're going to click deploy. And just like that, you just deployed your website that you created in Gemini out onto the internet. Now, what you probably want to do at some point is you'll want to come here. You're going to want to add a custom domain cuz it's going to give you a free but very ugly domain. So, we're not going to cover that in this website, right? There's a million in one places online to to buy a domain and connect it. Once you have that domain, you'll just click on add domain and you can add it right there. But, if we go to our dashboard, you'll see, hey, here's our web page. I can go ahead and visit the web page. And here it is. Right here's our website. It was that simple. Now, you're probably asking, why the heck did we just go through all that GitHub um versel stuff? Why did we have to connect it like that? Well, what's really nice is now that this is hooked up to our GitHub repository, right? What happens automatically is if I come inside here inside of GitHub and I change anything with this page, right? Let's say I was inside of Gemini, right? And I made some edits, right? I changed um the colors. I changed what's on there, right? If I then went inside of GitHub and I edited this, I re-uploaded a new HTML file and saved it, it will automatically update our website, right? That funnel of being able to edit something in GitHub and have it automatically essentially update on the web via Versell, that's the pipeline you need to have, right? Right. And so if you were using something like Lovable, it sort of does that all automatically, but in this case, we're doing it without paying Lovable 40 bucks a month. And you saw how easy it is to set up. So for our next step, we're going to hook up that tally page so we can turn our website into a proper lead funnel. And after we do that, we're actually going to update GitHub so you can see that entire process in action. So to do this, we're going to go to tally.so. You're going to create a free account. And then you're going to go just at the homepage, and we're going to create a new form. We're going to start with a template. And there's a bunch of templates that you can choose from. Now, I'm just going to click the lead generation form template, which is one of the first ones you see here. So, we'll just click use template on top. And then from here, you can change whatever you want, right? I can add different things. I can change the names. Put whatever you want. Obviously, depends on your particular business. But most importantly, we need to customize this so the coloring matches our website. Doesn't stick out like a sore thumb. So, we're going to go to customize at the top. For theme, you're going to do custom. And now we need to match the font, the background, all of that to what our website looks like. What we're going to do, you're just going to copy all this, right? Everything from the font to the accents. We're going to copy that. We're then going to hop back into Gemini. I'm just going to tell it, I need to fill out these colors so it matches the website inside Italy. So, I wrote, I'm adding a tally form, but I need to get the colors right to match the website. What should I edit these values to be? And then I copy pasted it all in. and Gemini comes back with the exact values I need. So I'm going to change the font to outfit and then all the colors to these specical hex values. So now I'm just going to go back to tally. I'm going to copy paste all these in. And once I've done that, you notice that this fits the website much better than before, right? This actually looks coherent. It doesn't look like we're just slapping this on. Lastly, you're going to go to the settings up here and where it says send email notifications, we're going to click this. This is the email you're going to get every time someone submits a form on your website. So, we'll save the change back to editor and then you're going to hit publish. Now, what we want to do is we actually want to embed this in our website. So, we're going to click popup. We're then going to edit this as we want. So, I don't want this emoji in here, for example. So, I just wanted to show this. And I'm going to hit get the code. And so, alls I'm going to do is I'm going to copy all this, the first twothirds of it. Head back to Gemini. And I'm just going to give it the code. say, "Hey, I want you to add this tally popup to our web page." So, I gave it all that information and now it's going to add it. So, it updated the code and it made sure that when I click on start audit, deploy solution or request audit buttons on my web page, that pop-up's going to show up. So, we can test it real quick. If I hit start audit up here, here we see the lead genen form, right? So, if I put in my name, right? Job title and I add, you know, some information right here and I hit submit, I'm actually going to get a notification in my inbox that it occurred. And here's that information, right? First name, last name, everything I put in there actually showed up and I got the notification. And so, we updated our website with this form, but it's only working inside of Gemini. I want it to actually work on our deployed website. How do we do that whole GitHub thing again? Super easy. Same exact process as before. I'm just going to go to code. I'm going to copy it all. I'm back on GitHub. I'm inside my repository. I click on index.html. I'm going to click this pencil up here where it says edit file and I'm just going to paste in the update. I'm hit commit changes. Right? Commit changes. Now it's saved. Now, if I go into Verscell and if we go to deployments up here on the top, you'll see we now had an updated deployment just a couple minutes ago. And that was because we updated GitHub. So, when I head to the main page, I go to visit and I click on start audit. What do we see? Well, we see our lead generation form. And it's that simple when it comes to actually updating your web page based on the changes you made inside of Gemini. So, now you've created a website in a couple prompts. You have the code inside of GitHub. You have an automatic deployment system inside of our cell and we set up a tally lead genen form that turns your website into a salesunnel and we've done this all basically for free. What is left? Well, what's left if you want to take this up a notch is to create a automatic response system because the way it works now with somebody is if I go on your website and I fill out your lead genen form, sure you're going to get a notification. But what about the lead? Are they getting automatically notified that they got the information or are they even getting automatically notified that you want to work with them? Right? Everything's all about speed to lead. How can we set up an automatic system that responds to them even more? What if I want this information plugged inside of a CRM so I have a one-stop shop outside of my Gmail that tells me what's going on? Well, let me show you how to do that. So, it's actually pretty easy to do and we're doing this inside of Nitn. So, let me show you how this automation actually works. So, we have a tally trigger right here. What does this tally trigger do? Well, it triggers when the tally form is created. And then two things happen. First, we're going to update our CRM. In this case, as an example, it just updates a Google sheet that includes all the information that was provided. Secondly, we send all that information from the lead generation form, right? Name, founder, right? Job title, what sort of project they want. It goes to this basic LLM chain. And you can see here we feed it all that dynamic information from the form. So it changes with every form. And then we also again have a system prompt that breaks down how we want them how we want the AI system to respond. So it then generates a response. You see an example right here. And then it creates a draft inside of our Gmail. Now you could have it automatically send the email if you like. But for a lot of people, they just want a draft that's ready to go because they kind of want the final say of what gets sent to a potential client. That's all this does, right? simple four forms, simple four nodes, and just with this addition, you've created a an entire system that really can, you know, supercharge your lead genen. Now, there is a couple things you need to actually get this working. You're going to need a tally API key, and you're going to need to do the tally and integration. So, if I'm inside of Tally, I close this out. If I go back to home, I click on my lead genen form that we just created, right? If I go to integrations right here, you see a bunch of integrations that are already pre-built. If I just hit N, it'll then bring you to here, which gives you the breakdown of all the tally trigger node information that you need. Now, as for the API key, and you need and you will need the API key, which again is free. I'm going to go to settings. I'm going to go to API keys and then I'm just going to create an API key. Give it whatever name I want. And then I copy this guy. Close it out. Back inside of NADN. Let's go to our automation. And then inside of here, I would just create an account, right? I just it gives me the API key. And then I would just paste that API key in there, connect it, and Calli's all set to go. That's how easy it is. And then from there, it' be up to you to adjust the system prompt as needed so it sounds like you and your voice. Blah blah blah blah blah. As for the JSON for this, this will be available inside of Chase AI plus and the VIP tier. So, if you're someone who's more into like the AI agency side of stuff, this will be available for you as well. So, before we wrap this up, let's just really quickly talk about some of the real world constraints with creating a web page this way because there's tons of good stuff that we did, right? Very quickly with a few prompts, we created a pretty good-look website that is, you know, hosted on Versell and we turned it into a full-blown lead genen system. But what are the downsides of doing such like a bare metal approach to creating a web page? Well, the thing like you saw is this is essentially just a one-page HTML file. If I wanted to create uh multiple pages, reuse a ton of assets, like really increase the complexity of this beyond a leadunnel landing page, essentially the efficacy of this approach kind of breaks down, right? Because what you get here is a 90% solution. It's a 90% solution that works for the vast majority of people who just want a web page for their business. If you want something that's much more complex, you're going to have to get out of the Gemini 3 or the AI Studio ecosystem and probably start working in somewhere like Cloud Code. And it's very simple to do that now that you've created this HTML foundation. So understand if you want to increase the complexity, you want to do a lot more with your web page, you're going to have to move outside of what I've taught you. But if that's not you, you just want a landing page, you want to be able to establish your authorities, show some testimonials, get people to book with you, this does the job. And I think it's a pretty neat tool, especially with the system prompt I've given you because a there's a lot of room for customization. So, just know the downsides of this approach because there's plenty of upsides and I don't want you to think that this is the end all be all for AI web design. But this is where we're going to end it. As always, let me know what you thought about this in the comments. Tons of free resources in my free school. If you're looking for more like AI agency type guidance, like you want to start actually selling AI things for real, check out Chase AI Plus. And as always, I'll see you guys

=== The AI Video Stack That Just Killed Hollywood (Kling + Nano Banana Pro) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmWIsjP-OE8

AI video has one massive problem. No control. Great shot, but wrong lighting. Start over. Perfect movement, but the wrong scene? Try again. But that just ended because Cling just dropped two new models this week that allow you to actually edit AI video. And when we stack that together with Nano Banana Pro, we are one step closer to actually having a Hollywood studio in our own pocket. And in today's video, I'm going to teach you the exact techniques [music] to get the most out of these brand new tools so you can start making cinematic AI videos on your own. So, we are going to dive into the brand new Cling 2.6, the brand new [music] Cling 01. But this video is not going to be a simple product review. This is going to be about how you can create cinematic AI videos using these brand new tools and the capabilities they provide us, namely [music] the ability to actually edit AI video with AI. And if you stick around till the end, I will also give you access to [music] my free and upgraded prompt library so you can start using these tools the way they are meant to be. So here's how this lesson is going to go. I'm going to start off by talking about Cling 2.6 and Cling 01 very briefly. They're the stars of the show. They're the new model. They're the models I use to actually create the video you saw in the intro. From there, we're going to dive into the meat and potatoes of the lesson where I show you the creative process for creating cinematic AI video. We're going to talk about storyboarding. We're going to talk about foundation images. We're going to talk about first frames, last frames, how to create images like this where you can actually put yourself into the video. And then that's when we bring Cling 2.6 and 01 into the fold because they are going to be generating our videos and they're going to be the tool through which we edit the videos as well, which is really cool and something we haven't been able to do before. I think this is a really cool lesson. It is exciting times in the AI content creation space. It feels like there's a new model every 30 seconds. So, let's get started and talk about cling. So, right now I'm inside of Higsfield, which is a web app that has access to all these AI content creation tools, right? Think Nino Banana Pro, Cling V3, all that good stuff. They're actually running a promo this week where if you sign up, you get a few days of unlimited cling generation. So, definitely check them out. But inside of Higsfield, I am on the Clling 2.6 model, right? You see that over here on the left. Now, I'm not going to dive into super technical details. Like I said, what is the big picture here? The big picture is this is now a Chinese model that is a V3 competitor. Why? Because the quality is roughly as good and it also has built-in audio, right? This is something it did not have before. But now you can actually create scenes where like people talk and their sound effects. You have that ability now. We have the option to do 5 seconds, 10 seconds. You can control the aspect ratio and overall it is cheaper on a credit basis than V3 as well. Then we have Cling01 which is what you see over here on the left. Now, what's the big thing here? This is the ability to edit AI video. So, I can upload a video here. I can upload images and elements in a prompt and it will actually edit it. Remember this scene from the intro? This is the outcome of 01. I gave it an original scene, the one you see here, and then had it change the background while maintaining the actual character. So, as you watch, >> right, we switch from background to background, >> but the main character is the same. And we see that process repeated here. >> Pretty cool. Now again, we'll go into much greater detail on both of these tools when we get deeper into the creative process at the end of this video. I just kind of wanted to give you a sneak peek of what we're actually working with. So now, let's dive into the creative process. Step one is storyboarding. Now, what is storyboarding? It's not complicated. That's just you figuring out what it is you even want to create. And more specifically, what are the scenes going to be that you create? Like I said, I had a general idea of this like space warrior, space knight in a spaceship, goes to some world and walks around, right? That's a great starting place, but I needed to break that up into discrete individual scenes. That's what you need to do and that's what AI is going to help you with. AI is really good at this. There's no special prompt for this. In fact, if you want to see exactly what I did, you know what I did? I went to Claude, you can go to chatbt, you can go to Gemini. I turned on my microphone and I gave it a giant stream of consciousness of the types of things I wanted to go for. And you know what it did? It architect my idea, my, you know, just like verbal slop into three different acts and 10 specific scenes. Now, did I end up using these exact scenes? No. But this is the sort of mental process you need to go to because you have to get the individual scenes ready. Why? because the individual scenes will correspond to individual videos. Individual videos correspond to individual starting images all which work back to a foundation image. So this is vital. All you have to do like I said go to AI just talk to it try to figure out what you actually want to create and then break it down into individual scenes. Do not over complicate this. Now after you complete step one which is storyboarding we move on to step two which is creating our foundation image which is what you see right here. Now, the foundation image is so important because everything evolves from this. This is what sets your visual aesthetic for your entire AI video. What you see here is what I use as a reference image for all follow-on images. So, all of these images, even though now there's more of a red aesthetic, a desert aesthetic, all of these, right, all spawned from this. Now, how did I create this? How did I go from, you know, just talking with AI and having like the space warrior theme to this image? And the answer is I just found inspiration out in the world. There's tons of places you can find visual inspiration for the type of images you want to create. A great place I suggest is Midjourney, right? I'm in MidJourney right now. You can explore it for free. You don't even have to pay. You go over here to the explore tab, go to images, go to video, search the top week, the hot, right? There's tons of really interesting visual things people have come up with. And if you like one of these things, you know what you can do? You can go to the image. You could click on it. You can copy the image and then you can bring it to AI and say, "Hey, here's my idea for my space night. I kind of want something done in this style." Right? So find inspiration. For me personally, for this exact video, my inspiration was from some cover art. I just finished the last and seventh book of the series, Sune Eater. Awesome series. Highly recommend it if you're into sci-fi and fantasy. But I've always loved the cover art. And I was like, "Hey, cool. What if I did something similar to that, right? You see this image, right? You see that night and then you take a look at this guy, right? Looks pretty similar. So, find inspiration. That's what you need to do. And then you go to AI and you simply iterate through the prompt over and over till you get a visual style you like. Now, as for how I literally did that, well, what I did is again I was in Higsfield. I used Nano Banana Pro and I gave it this prompt you see over here on the right and I'll put it up on the screen. What I also did was I gave it a reference image of my inspiration. So I gave it a screenshot of the cover art I just showed you. And by doing that I was able to iterate it a handful of times till I found something I want. Right? You can see the first few of these that's like okay wasn't exactly what I was going for. As a tip you can ask it to do like collages like this. Right? See how it gave me four different options in one screen? You could put this into eight. So, you can really rack up, you know, kind of like different variations of variations of what you're going for till you find it. But that's how you do it. Go to Nano Banana Pro. Have AI help you craft the prompt. Give it a reference image from some inspiration you found and keep generating, generating, generating till you get something you want. And I can't emphasize this enough. It must be what you want. It must be perfect and it must match your vision because for every follow-on image, we're going to be referencing this aesthetic. So, if you screw this up, you're dead in the water. So, we've completed storyboarding. We have our foundation image. Now, we can move on to step three, which is where we create the starting images for each individual scene. Now, this is important because it gives us control. If I can control what the start of the scene looks like, then I know how it's going to play out more often than not. And most importantly, it allows me to have character and scene consistency. We aren't just at the whim of the prompt itself. So first scene was what? Well, the first scene was actually our starting image, right? If you remember, the first scene was just a zoom in of this. So very easy. The foundation image was the first scene. Now the flow for creating the starting images for each of these scenes is this. First, what is the scene? In this case, the scene is we have our space knight and he wants to walk out of the spaceship onto the new planet. Okay, so I need to figure out a prompt for that. Secondly, I need to provide a reference image. Now, the reference image is easy. You can see it over here on the right. It's very small, but again, the reference image that we actually attach into the prompt itself is the foundation image, right? And by doing so, it automatically knows the aesthetic we're trying to keep, all that good stuff, right? I don't have to repeat myself constantly. But let's dive deeper into this prompt. How do we actually come up with a prompt? How do I actually articulate what I'm thinking and how can I actually control the camera? Well, first of all, you will have access to the prompt library. There is a direct link to it inside of the free school on the pinned comment. Just follow that. Once you're inside the free school, just search for prompt library and it will take you to a link that brings you here. All this is is it shows a bunch of different shots that you can use inside a prompt to get what you want. For example, right, if you wanted a say eyele shot, this gives you a prompt for an eyele shot. if you wanted something that was an overhead bird's eye view. This gives you an prompt example for overhead bird's eye view. I also included images of what these things look like, right, to sort of help you out. So, this is one place to start because one issue people have is they just don't know how to articulate the kind of shot they have in their brain, right, into the actual image generator, right? If you don't have a creative background, you know nothing about cinematography, you're kind of just like, I want a shot where he's like in the middle, right? There's specific terms for these things and using the specific terms helps you get the shot you actually want. Secondly, along with the prompt library, you need to be working with AI for all these things. So, first of all, look how much I'm scrolling. Look how much I've done. You know what this is? This is someone who actually knows what they're doing. Going back and forth with AI to help them with their prompts, right? I think I have a pretty good handle of this thing. And you can see how much I go back and forth where I'm showing it an image, asking it for help with the prompt, asking it to help me like fix it if I don't know what I like. Right? This isn't all on you. AI knows what it's doing. It's gotten really, really good at this stuff. So, iterate, iterate, iterate with AI. And lastly, when looking at these prompts some more, just make sure to have one sentence in there that references the reference image. Right? In this case, we see armored, weathered, and battleworn per image one. have something that says, "Hey, the armor should be the same as reference image one, whatever. Just mention the fact that you included a reference image and you want it to match that aesthetic." And after you do that, you're going to repeat this process over and over. You will notice I have a lot of images for the same scene because when I create these image, I will often create them in batches of four and pick out the ones I like. Again, Hicks feels nice about this. They give you free Nanabanana Pro, so I can just knock out as many images as I want, right? But this is constantly an iteration game. You're very rarely going to oneshot this. Now, before we move on to step four, which is where we generate videos, let's talk very quickly because it's actually very simple how you can insert yourself into these images and videos. Now, like I said, very easy. You should already know what I'm going to say, and that is just provide a reference image. You just need to provide a reference image of yourself. This is what I did. Nothing fancy. You don't need a green screen. Just a clear image of yourself. That's all you need to do. preferably, you know, well lit, all that. And then you just reference it in the prompt like you see in this prompt using the face of the man from image two because this was the second reference image and armor style from image one. That's all I said. Use the face of the man from image two. I didn't say it's a man from image two. He's a white, you know, 34 year old male. His hair is like No, like these models have gotten smart. Just tell it use the image. That's it. And you'll be in the picture. Now we can finally move on to step four, which is the video creation process. Now, this process is actually pretty easy. We did all the hard stuff, which was creating the foundation image and then creating the starting image for each scene. Because now alls you have to do is go to your video generator. In this case, cling 2.6. We just drop the starting frame over here, right? In this case, we have our spaceship. And then you just give it the prompt. That's pretty much it. Cling 2.6 is even simpler than V3 because we don't have the ending frame. So alls we have to manipulate is the starting frame and then the prompt. Again, is there anything fancy about how we create this prompt? Not necessarily. This is where you again need to lean into AI. The only place where the prompt can become more complicated is if you're using the audio feature to have people talk, in which case you need to be very specific about who talks and when. But speaking of audio, yes, it does audio. It does an okay job in terms of [snorts] people talking, but understand it's not amazing. And if you kind of leave it to its own devices, you'll get audio that sounds like this. >> Initiating landing sequence. Landing sequence complete. >> Like, sure. [laughter] I like I guess that's okay. I mean, Clean 2.6, it's solid. Again, you saw these videos in the intro. It does a pretty good job when it comes to all these things. There's not a ton of artifacts in warping. So, to be honest, when it came to prompt adherence versus VO3, I would say it's a little bit better. Although, I do think the audio lags slightly behind. And of note, you'll see this a lot of times, this enhance on should you enhance your prompt, should you not enhance your prompts. Overall, I would suggest you do not enhance your prompts. The biggest thing with AI video is you want to maintain control. Once you turn enhance on, you're giving up control, right? you can give you can create better prompts than it can in part because you're going to use AI already to improve your prompts. So, you might as well stay control of the entire process. And again, you also have access to the prompt library I've given you that also shows you different cinematic shots. So, the question you should be asking yourself right now is, well, 2.6 sounds great, but if it doesn't have an end frame capability, that kind of limits me, right? What am I supposed to do if I want to do some sort of scene like this one where he lifts the helmet off and it's the character I want? If I don't have an end frame, it's never going to be able to accurately recreate that. Well, that is where 01 comes in. And we're inside of 01 right now. And 01 excites me a lot more than 2.6. Like audio is great, but I think I always want more control and that's what 01 gives me. So 01 does two things, right? First of all, 01 does what you saw right here, right? I can put a start frame and I can also drop an end frame. You see that over here on the left. So first frame, last frame capabilities, more control. I also have the ability right, you know, I can put inside the prompt. I have the ability to add elements. So you see this elements right here. This is similar to ingredients with VO3. So I could dump a bunch of assets into elements. It's not a frame, but I can say, hey, like throughout the video, have these things pop up. That's the cool thing. So you actually have a lot more flexibility in terms of 01 just doesn't do audio. But the really cool thing about 01 and what's having everyone go crazy is the fact that we can now edit videos inside of video generator. So, how does this work? Again, talked about this a little bit before. We have our starting video. This one we see right here, me walking across the desert. Well, what if I like the motion of a character? What if I like certain things about the video, but I just want to change something here or there? Like maybe I don't like the lighting. I want to be sunset, right? What we can do is we can take that video as long as it's 3 to 10 seconds. I upload that video. I specify which segment I want and then I just prompt it. Now you'll see here again over on the left you see where it says video one, right? You can actually reference it in the prompt. So if I say at video one, it knows what I'm talking about. So if I say hey video one, change it to nighttime and I run this well we'll get something where it's nighttime. I can also add images and elements. So let's say I added right, you know, um another image of a knight, right? And I could say, hey, add this night to pop up in the video. The thing is this allows us to instead of having to regenerate everything from scratch, I can keep things I like from a certain from the video itself and add certain things, change them, etc. Again, more and more control. And you see that in action right here. So what was the prompt I gave it? I took the last video you saw. I said, "Change the background and setting a video one to a frozen tundra, snowcovered terrain, pale blue sky, etc., etc." Of note, with prompting with cling compared to VO3, you need to be more specific. Uh, more detailed prompts tend to give you a better result than V3. I've noticed VO is starting to get pretty intelligent and you can get away with simpler prompts. Not the case with Clling, but right when we look at this, it's essentially the same video as before. We've just turned it into an icy tundra. Now, right away, for those of you with a keen eye, you will notice some changes though. The fidelity overall has dropped. This isn't as clearly me. This is the same setting, right? Almost to a tea, but we've lost some of the, you know, high definition, right? And small details have kind of gotten blurred out. And that's a result of two things. One, just the power of the model. And two, the further you get away from your main character that has a lot of detail, the harder it is for it to recreate the same detail. And let me kind of show you again. Let's look at this video, right? We created this one just normally, right? Desert, tons of detail. Looks great. What happens when we use 01 with it? Well, when we use 01, we notice it actually keeps the detail much better than the previous video where we were walking side by side. Why is that? Well, it's because we're much closer to the character and the details are way easier for the AI system to pick up. So, when it comes to using 01 and having it edit videos and there's a lot of detail, the further you get away, the more you're going to get kind of that warping blurring effect. The closer that detail is, the better chance it's going to be able to grab onto that detail and actually maintain it. And the funny thing is this particular video, right, it actually maintains a lot of the detail. This is an edit of an edit, okay, which is pretty neat, right? You'll see this prompt. I say, "Have the rocks in the foreground match the black lava rocks in the background because I actually used a different video for it. This was the video I used for that edit, right? This was the original edit. And again, the details stay the same. So, you can see we did an edit of an edit and it did a pretty good job. So, that's kind of how 01 works. There's a lot you could do with it. Could deep dive a whole video on it, but those are the big things you have to look out for. Detail and how close it is to the camera. And overall for this step, right, this video generation, we're just going to do this for every single scene. We're continue going to tweak the prompt with the help of AI till we get what we want. And we're just going to iterate, iterate, iterate. And like I've talked about in previous videos, you don't need the full video to be good. Like the spaceship video for example, I only used a few seconds of it. There's 10 seconds of it because frankly, when you watch it, the dust just disappears way too fast, right? That's not realistic. The dust would be there forever. But am I going to sit here and regenerate this 10 million times till I get it right? No. Because in any AI video, like most films in general, we're only going to use a few seconds. So, always remember when you're generating these videos and you're looking for ones you want to keep, you only need a few seconds. And once you've created videos for all your scenes, you're finally at the final step, which is the production. Right? This is where you're going to download all the videos, chop them up as appropriate, and turn them into a video. Now, let me just dive real quickly into one cool thing you can do with editing using 01. So, like you saw earlier, we had these different scenes, right? But how do you get it so they're all sort of like in lock step, right? And has that really cool transition effect, yet it still looks like he's walking at the same pace. Well, you just need to create multiple scenes, multiple variations of one scene. You saw how we did that. Dump the original video in 01, prompt it to go from, hey, desert background to ice background. And then since they're all the exact same length, what you're going to do, just stack them all on top of one another like so. Right, these four variations. And then you just change when they show up. But because 01 does such a good job of editing that base video, it's going to look like the character never changes. Right, as we go from here, right, that step is like exactly the same, right? Imagine how difficult this would be to recreate otherwise. It does a really really good job of this. And you can see that repeated over here. Same idea. I put them all one on top of each other and then just change when they showed up. So boom, boom. Right? Like look at that. That's that's really good. So that's one cool little editing technique using 01. So that is my workflow for creating cinematic AI videos with Cling 2.6 and Clling 01. Again, these are really cool new tools, especially 01, but more so than the tools, I hope you were able to take on the workflow, the template, the steps you need to really make these things your own. And lastly, I know I talked about it before, but if you head to the link in the pin comments to get the free um prompt library, it'll take you to this site, totally free. You just sign up and then you can go to classroom props and you'll find it in the AI video camera angle library along with some other stuff including a Higsfield discount. So definitely check it out. Let me know what you thought about it in the comments and I'll see you guys

=== Nano Banana Pro Camera Control: One Image, Infinite Angles (Complete Guide) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpVc34QPCo8

Most people use AI video generators like a slot machine. Generate, hope, regenerate, hope you finally get the right output again. But what if you could actually direct these tools? What if you could tell them exactly what camera movement you want and get it? Well, that's what this video is all about, is I teach you how to turn the lottery into a tool you control. And that control is vital if you want to use AI image or video in any commercial or frankly creative context. And so to help give you that control, I'm going to show you how to go from any single starting image and turn that into any camera angle you want using AI tools like Nano Banana. Furthermore, I'm going to show you how to apply that same technique to AI video and not just from a camera angle prompting sense, but from a first frame, last frame sense, giving you the maximum amount of control when it comes to AI content creation. And I'm also going to give you access to my AI prompt library, which has over 40 video and camera angles, as well as prompts and output examples, so you can go ahead and apply these techniques to your content. We got a ton to cover, so let's hop into it. So the first and the most important thing you must do is establish a foundation image. The foundation image isn't just the starting image or starting frame. This is the image that is going to influence every single follow- on image, every single follow-on video for the rest of your project. This is where we're going to define the main character. This is where we're going to define the aesthetic, the vibes, the theme. It all spawns from here. So you must get this right. And so to get this right, you must know your vision. What are you actually trying to create here? Well, I was thinking some sort of female Viking, you know, in the woods, snow, gritty aesthetic, and that's what I got here, right? Hyper realism. I have my female Viking character. It's gritty. It's dark. Greens, whites, grays. This is perfect for me. So, here's the prompt I used to create this foundational image. Don't get too caught up in the prompt itself. What you really need to do is you need to go to AI. You need to go to something like MidJourney, go to Pinterest, find some inspiration, and then head back to AI and have it give you a bunch of different prompts that you can use. and iterate upon till you get a foundational image you like. So, you've created your foundational image and now it's time to move on to step two, which is creating different variations of this image, which we will eventually use as starting frames for our videos. But how do you do that? How do I go from this image to this image or this one or this one while maintaining not only character consistency but scene consistency, the vibes, the aesthetic? Everything has to be the same or else we lose touch with where we started. And that's what gets you AI slop or really poor AI videos. How do we do that? How do we maintain all that? Well, the answer is with proper prompting. And this is where most people get tripped up. And this is where this prompt library comes in that I'm giving to you for free. So, you can get this by heading to the pin comment. Just go to my free school and then go to the prompt library and you will see a link to this air table. Now, what this is is this is a crutch. This is an aid to help you prompt your way into different shots because the problem with most people, and this isn't just when it comes to AI content creation. This is like AI in general. Like this also applies when you're doing like AI agents and automations and trying to create certain apps is if you aren't technical or in this case if you're not creative, you don't really know what you don't know. You don't know what the shots are. You don't know how to even describe them. You kind of have an idea in your mind of what you want, but your inability to articulate it to AI is what stops you from creating strong AI images. But this prompt library helps alleviate that because I have over 40 different shots both for actual still images as well as camera movements to help you figure out what you should write and what you should be looking for. And when it comes to still images, I have examples that show you what the end result should look like. Now, if you head to interface up here, you can actually go through it and kind of see what I'm talking about. So, for example, this image right here, this is with a Dutch angle. Now, how would you necessarily describe this if you didn't know what a Dutch angle was? Well, you'd probably say something in the lines of like, I want it candid. I want her in the foreground. I want the background to be sort of soft focus. And that would be correct. Or you could just write Dutch angle and get it right every single time. Because when it comes to Nano Banana Pro, it has Gemini 3 in the background. When you tell it Dutch angle, it knows what that is. It has its own internal trading data and it's going to give you exactly that instead of relying on you to then explain what a Dutch angle even is. This applies down the line for all these things. Same thing like a very simple one like a macro shot. If I just say macro shot and tell what I want the macro shot to be, it's going to do this. It's going to make my prompts simpler and actually way more effective. So, let's say I was inside of the database and I like the bird's eyee view picture that you see right here. Well, what you're going to do is you're going to go to bird's eye view. You're going to go to the prompt example. You're going to copy this prompt. And then you're going to go to your image generator of choice. Now, I highly suggest you use Nano Banana Pro here because it is the best AI image model on the planet right now for doing these sorts of edits. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to paste in that prompt I gave it. And then I'm also going to give it that foundation image. So, you see right here, I've inputed the foundation image, right, as a reference image. And the prompt is very simple, right? Directly copy pasted was direct overhead bird's eye view of image one, right? It already knows that's the reference image standing in the snow. Top down angle showing your shadow stretching on the white ground. Now, if you had a different foundation image, right, it wasn't in the snow, right? You would change that, but the rest of it would essentially stay the same, particularly direct overhead bird's eye view of image one. Now, you will notice how simple this prompt is, right? I don't go into detail about lighting. I don't like rehash the fact it needs to be ultra photo realistic 4K, 8K, whatever. It knows that, right? It knows it based on the reference image. Okay, you can add that information if you want, but it knows it's supposed to keep like everything the same with the reference image. That's why the foundational image is so important because it's doing the heavy lifting when it comes to describing, you know, the tone, the scene, the detail, the shadows, all that, right? That's why the foundational image is so important. And for those of you who have used midJur in the past, this is essentially the same as like adding an sref. Okay, this is the reference. It understands that and it's going to execute it. And here's a look at that exact image it created. Now, also mention real quickly, I'm inside of Higsfield doing all this stuff, but you can do the exact same inside of Gemini or AI Studio. And that flow is how you take a single foundational image and turn it into essentially an infinite amount of variations while maintaining character and aesthetic consistency. And you can see it repeated again right here. Foundational image on the left. This time it's a high angle shot. Right? There's a little bit of verbiage about looking up towards the camera and snow falling, but ultimately a very simple prompt and the foundational image does all the heavy lifting. So the limit does not exist when it comes to taking that starting image and turning it to an infinite amount of variations using Nano Banana Pro. The prompt library is a great start for doing that effectively, but it isn't exhaustive and ultimately it really just comes down to your imagination. So, we knocked out our first two steps. One, we created our foundational image, which sets the tone for everything. And two, we created essentially an infinite amount of variations based on that foundational image that we can now start turning into videos. So, let's talk about the video creation process. First of all, what sort of tools are we going to use? Well, my suggestion these days is if we are going for something cinematic, we really want to lean on VO3.1. And there's two versions of VO3.1, right? There's VO3.1 and then there's 3.1 fast. I tend to use 3.1 fast cuz A, it's faster and B, it's way cheaper. And C, the difference between the two is pretty minimal. Now, not only is 3.1 high quality, but it also gives us the option to do start frames and end frames, which again gives us more control, which is what we are always fighting for when it comes to AI content creation. Now, first frames and last frames are exactly what they sound like. They're going to be the first frame and the last frame of the video we create. So, we can control how it starts and how it finishes. What happens in between is a product of a the prompt and b the AI video generation model itself. Now, sometimes alls we really need is a first frame, like you see in this video here, right? I just kind of wanted a scene where it slowly zooms in on essentially this macro shot of her eyes, right? We've all seen scenes like that in movies before. So, something like a a really good first frame and a very simple prompt like slowly zoom in does the job just fine. There are times when we need more than just a first frame. I'm also going to need that final frame. A great example is when you do videos that require some sort of focus shift like this one, right? Very simple scene, but to go from this blurry image to this clear image of the woman, especially one that has a ton of detail, right? We see with kind of the mud on the face, requires both. If I were to just do the first frame, it would be a disaster. And here's an example of that. Right? Notice how this woman at the end is not like our foundational image at all. Because what happened? Well, we gave it the first frame. Right? This is perfect. But if you don't give it a last frame and you're telling it to, hey, just come up with the Viking woman. Well, it's never going to be what you want, right? That's an instance where a final frame gives you a ton of control you just cannot get otherwise. Now, let's talk about the prompt for this video, how I came up with it, and what your workflow process should be when it comes to generating prompts for videos where we are using a starting and ending frame. Now, obviously, the prompt library is still nice here. I have a number of different movements for video. 21 through 40 is all video based, right? I'm showing you things like static, dolly in, dolly out, handheld time, tons of stuff. But, you have to get a little more advanced when it comes to first end frame prompts. So, here is how you should approach it. You're going to go to your favorite AI. In this case, I'm using Claude. I use Gemini sometimes, too. Chat GPT is okay. You're going to give it the first and last frame. So, I gave it first frame. I gave it the last frame. And it's very simple. You're going to say, "Hey, give me a text prompt for an image to video generator that moves from the first frame to the last frame. That's it. If you want to add more to it, like let's say you have a specific sort of like camera technique you want to include, add that as well. But by doing this, this will give you a solid prompt that you can work from. And so you can see what Claude gave a slow cinematic rack focus pull. Again, that's a specific type of camera movement that just don't know if you don't know. And then it goes into more and more detail. But this is a great place to start when you're just kind of like confused and you don't know how to prompt a specific scene. And that's the same exact process we used with this video. First frame, last frame, and a prompt I got from AI. And so with that, you actually have all the tools and frameworks to create any sort of cinematic AI video you want. You understand how important and how to create that foundational image. You understand how to use that foundation image to create an infinite amount of variations while maintaining character and scene consistency. And now that you've seen step three, the video creation process, you understand how that all comes together to give you full control in how the video scenes actually play out. All that's left for you is figuring out what you want to create and how to stitch them all together. So, this is where I'm going to leave you for today's video. As always, let me know in the comments what you thought. Check out the prompt library inside of my free school. Tons of other AI tools there as well.

=== Cinematic AI Ads with Nano Banana Pro (Full Guide) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbTggbed1qU

This AI ad for Oakley was made with a brand new tool from Google that dropped less than a week ago. Until then, you simply could not get AI video to look this good. And today, I'm going to walk you through the exact workflow, first frame to final export, so you can build this yourself using Nano Banana Pro. And the best part of all is you don't need to be technical. You don't need a marketing background. You just need to know how to prompt. And so I'm going to go over the four-step process for creating these ads from scratch. And at the end of the video, I'm going to go into where AI automation can and cannot play in this creative process. So, make sure to stick around for that. So, let's kick this off by going over the four-step process for creating cinematic AI video. Now, step one is storyboarding. And that's where we talk with AI and we figure out what our video is even going to be about and what specifically each scene is going to be about. For example, the video you saw at the beginning was split into eight separate scenes. Now, once we've defined our story and what each scene is going to look like, now we move on to step two, which is creating the images [music] using Nano Banana Pro. It is here where we create the starting image for each of our scenes. And again, we lean on AI during this entire process to help us generate the prompts that we will bring to Nano Banana Pro to create the images. Once we've generated images we like for each scene, we then move on to step three, which is the video creation portion. It is at this step that we create the videos for each scene, which make up the entire video at large. To do that, we are going to take the Nano Banana Pro images we created in step two, feed them to our AI video generator as a starting frame, [music] and use that to create the scenes. Once that's done, we then move on to step four, which is where we take all the individual scenes we've created, stitch them together, and post our video. So now that you understand what we're going to be doing at a high level, let's now dive into each individual step starting with the storyboarding. So storyboarding, what are we trying to get out of this? Well, there's two specific things that we need before we move on to step two. And that is one, a clear vision of what our AI video is going to be about. And two, discrete scene descriptions. What are going to be the individual shots, the individual scenes that make up the video at large? You need both of these things before you move onto the actual image creation. Now, to help with this, I actually created a custom GPT that essentially walks you through a the storyboarding, but b will eventually help you with the image prompts and the video prompts that is available inside of Chase AI plus linked down below where you can also find the N9 workflow that we showed later in the video. But even if you don't use that, the premise is pretty simple, right? We want the AI to help us figure out a what the video is and b what the different scenes are. And AI is great at helping us essentially iterate on this over and over and over again instead of having to do everything from scratch. What you see here is the storyboard that I came up with with the Gemini. Now I mentioned a custom GPT, but the custom instructions that are in that can also be moved to whatever AI you like, right? Claude included. So what it gave us was this, which was essentially a Mad Max vibe for Oakley, right? It says why it works, right? Oakley, Desert Sports, Motocross, right? That's what we saw before. And then it gave us seven discrete scenes. Now understand, you aren't a slave to AI. You don't have to use exactly what they give you, but this should get the gears turning in your mind to again not have to start at zero every single time. So you can see what it gave us, right? Shot one, heatwave rising off a cracked dry lake bed, tumble weeds, and then a sun blazing directly into the camera. I ended up using none of these exact settings, but I like the idea of essentially moving from shot to shot to shot for the first few shots, just giving us a general sense of the landscape. And then from there, it moves into close-ups, both in front of and then behind the character. We get a product close-up and then eventually that action shot, right, of the woman driving off into the distance. And once you have that the general idea, right, the MadMax 5, Oakley, desert girl, riding in the distance, and I have my scenes, in this case, shots one through seven. You're done with step one. Now, let's move on to step two, which is creating the actual images inside of Nano Banana. Now, what you see right here is me inside of Higsfield. This is where I use Nano Banana. As a quick plug for Higsfield, I think they're running something right now. If you're on their annual plan, you get Nano Banana Pro for free. But there's a bunch of places you can use Nano Banana Pro, including Gemini, including AI Studio. I'll link a video above where I go into detail on all that. But the process for this step is pretty simple. We need to create images for each individual scene. We are going to have AI create the prompts for those images. And those images will eventually be used as a starting frames for the videos which make up our final product. Now, I would argue this step is the most important because everything flows from the original image. So, we have to get this right. And we already have our work cut out for us. Remember in step one, we have figured out what our scenes are already going to be. So now all you have to do is say, "Hey, I want you to create a prompt for me for shot one of heat ways right easing off a crack dry lake bed." Easy enough. Well, actually, we're going to do a little bit more because what you're actually going to do is you're not going to ask for one prompt. You're going to ask for four prompts. You're going to ask for five prompts. All of which are a variation of that scene it came up with. And what this does is this gives you a way higher chance of creating an image you actually like. And so you see that here, right? It gave me five different options, all of which are a little bit different. And so what I did is I then copied the prompt. I went into Nanobanana. I pasted it in there. And then I got a ton of options to look at and see which one actually fit my vision. In this case, it was actually option one, which was this sand dune shot, which again was different than the dry cracked lake bed it originally came up with. But I was able to not only look at that, I could compare it to this one, right? The lake bed, we had the rocks, another big shot with some like storm in the background, right? A bunch of options, which gives you a way higher chance again of finding something that makes sense for you. Now, once you have done that for the first frame of the first scene, you're going to repeat this process for each and every scene with a small caveat, but a very important one. When I am working on the images for every scene after the first one, I'm going to do the same thing, right? I'm going to ask for additional options. I'm going to copy these in. I'm going to paste them into Nano Banana. But when I add that prompt to Nano Banana, I'm going to do two things. One, I'm going to add that first image of the first scene. You see that right here. And I'm going to add this little blurb at the bottom that says, "Use the same style, lighting, and aesthetic from image one." Now, what is this doing? This is making sure that the follow-on images match the style, the feel, the aesthetic of what I have created with my first image because it does us no good if all of these follow-on images follow the prompts that AI gave us, but they just feel off, right? This needs to be coherent. The characters need to be consistent. And this is how you do it by referencing the previous images, primarily the starting image. Because if I always reference the same image for all of the follow-on images, right? It's not like a version of telephone for AI creation, right? They're always referencing the same thing and they'll all keep the same vibe. Now, this is doubly important when you're creating images that include objects or characters from previous scenes. In this case, we have the writer with a helmet, both of which were referenced in earlier images. So, when I create this image, the prompt needs to include that, right? So, I have as references the image of the helmet and the image of the rider. And the prompt itself is edited from what AI gave me, right? AI gave me a certain prompt and I added a little bit to it. Namely, hey, a dramatic side profile close-up of the rider from image two, right? I added this from image 2 example so it knows what to reference. You need to keep that in mind. This is what gives you character consistency. So you repeat that process for each scene, taking care to reference previous scenes if they have objects and characters that are being referenced. And once you've done all that, you are now finished with step two, and it's time to move on to creating the actual videos. So now we're on to step three, which is where we turn our images to video. Now we're going to go into our AI of choice, whether using the custom GBT or otherwise. And what you're going to do is you're going to give it your images that you created. You can do this one by one, or you can give it all them at once. and you're going to tell it, hey, give me text to video prompts for these scenes using each of these images as a reference. And so that's what happened here, right? Scene one, the visual is the close-up of the razor sharp June ridge. And it gives me this prompt. Okay. Now, you'll notice I only asked for one prompt. We're not going to do what we did with images and ask for like five prompts because we just don't have the money or the time to do that, right? If you had 10 scenes and each scene has five video variations, that's just going to get really costly and that's sort of prohibitive or just like a non-starter for most people. So, you really need to nail this first prompt. Now, once you get the prompts for each of your scenes, you're just going to copy them and you're going to head to VO 3.1 fast. Now, again, I'm inside of Higsfield. You could do this inside of Flow or Gemini as well. Now, I'm using VO3.1 fast for these. The difference between VO3.1 and 3.1 fast is a 3.1 fast is faster and it tends to be quote unquote lower quality, but I will say the quality gap between the two isn't huge and it is way cheaper. But the thing that's most important isn't necessarily if it's 3.1 fast or 3.1. It's you need to be using a video generation model that allows you to add a frame. Right? You will see this is the first frame for the image and I dumped it inside of here and then I just put the prompt in. Now, once the video generates, you're probably going to have to iterate a little bit. Chances are you won't nail it on the first try. And if you have 10 scenes, 10 videos, at least a handful of those, you're going to have to run it two, three, four times before you get what you want and maybe tweak the prompt a little bit to your liking. And you see that here, right? You'll notice there's a few videos that come up over and over that I really had to mess with to nail. But the secret sauce when it comes to creating strong videos isn't necessarily the prompt, cuz the prompt is important, and all the AI systems have gotten pretty good at generating strong prompts. It's the starting image, right? And if you did what you were supposed to do in step two, step three is honestly pretty easy. Now, the last thing I want to say about the videos is extremely important, and it's the fact that if it gives you an 8-second clip, which most will, you don't need all 8 seconds because look at this. Like, this video makes no sense, right? Like we have the helmet, this looks good for the first few seconds, and then all of a sudden it like transforms and flips up. Does this mean it's a bad video? Not at all. In fact, this is the video I used in the original ad. You need to look at each video not as like an entire coherent thing, right? It is totally okay and expected that out of an 8-second video, you might only use 1 second, 2 second, 3 seconds of it, right? Not every scene is going to be used for the entire length of what was generated. In fact, most won't. So when you're judging these videos for their quality and whether you're going to use it or not or whether you need to iterate again and again, just understand like you probably only need a few seconds of it. So something like this is actually totally okay. So now let's move on to step four, which is stitching all of our videos together to create that final product. Now, I'm no video editing pro, but what I'm going to show you is very simple, very basic, and you can follow it even if you've never done something like this before. Now I'm inside of Cap Cut. I'm using the pro version, but there is a free version where you can still do all of this. Now, the biggest thing you need to understand is how you move from scene to scene and what's going to dictate that swap. For most people, what's going to dictate that swap is the audio track. So, the first thing you need to do is figure out what audio is going to accompany your video. And so, this is what it sounded like for mine. And so you'll notice every scene switched on the beat right on that piano key. Now, I suggest you do something similar. Makes it super easy. And you'll also notice that we aren't using the entire video we created for each of these scenes, right? Like I said before, we only really needed a second or two for most of these. But that beat, that audio track is what dictated the tempo of our video. And so that's what you need to find. Now, in terms of how you actually execute all of that, well, you're just going to take your downloaded videos. You're going to drag and drop them into Cap Cut over here. And then all you do is you're going to drag them into the timeline, which is what this is down here. So, right, I would take video one. I would also drag in my MP4 audio track. And then I would simply select the video and then I can just drag it left or right to adjust how long that clip is. And then I would just sync it with the audio itself. Right? I can pull this over here, match it with the audio beat, and there we go. And it's that simple. And you would just repeat that for each and every scene till you create your entire video. Now, you can obviously go crazy when it comes to video editing. I just added a few text. And the fanciest thing I did was a sort of fade to black you see here. But the meat and potatoes of it is a finding the audio track and then b syncing your scene transitions to the audio track, right? So it kind of has that cadence that everybody expects. And once you do that, all you need to do is export the video. So for Cap Cut, you come up to the top right, you're going to set it to 4K, export it, and now it's ready to share wherever you please. And so that is the four-step process for creating cinematic AI videos using Nano Banana Pro and VO3. Now, for the very last part of this video, I want to quickly talk about where AI automation, NAN, all this stuff kind of plays into this and where it doesn't. So, this is an automation for using Nano Banana Pro and it's something you could totally use to essentially automate a lot of the prompting and even the video creation process that we went over today. I'm going to link a video above for a deep dive of how this workflow works as well as where you can get it. Hint, it's also in Chase AI Plus. Now, where could automation play in this process? Well, outside of something like the custom GBT I showed you earlier, it would be using this sort of workflow when we're going from text to image and then eventually pushing it to VO3.1, right? We see that right here. And this is something that's also controlled inside of Air Table. You will also notice in these automations where we have things like prompt optimizers. This is where you could essentially take sort of the logic we have in this custom GPT with AI video storytelling and actually push it into an AI automation. And so again, that whole process is automated where you could show up with just your description of the scene you're trying to create and it will automatically generate all the prompts for you. You're one button away from turning that into an image. And then once you like that image, you're one button away from then posting it or turning it into the actual creation. Beyond that, there are ways to then automate the clipping process of taking those um images and turning them into the final video. But frankly, as you see right away when you look at this, that's not something I recommend. All right? I do not recommend automating this entire entire process from beginning to end, it can be done. It 100% can be done, but it will suck. Okay? Something like this, this sort of chops it up where you're just sort of automating the creation process and you're kind of doing it one step at a time and there's a human in the loop before we go from image to video. But if you try to automate everything from the image into the video, I promise you it's not going to work. Because like you saw, there is a lot of iteration here. Not just in the video process, but more importantly in the image process where we are looking at multiple images. You know, we're doing five variations of each scene because a it never works the first time or it's not exactly what you thought, but b you need to just see it a bunch of times. You need to see things a lot of times before you find like, okay, I like that. I like that if it was just a little bit different, you know, and you just don't know till you see it. So, it's one thing to automate one part like we're automating the image creation, but I never want you never want to jump from image to video right away without seeing this because everything relies on that starting frame. And if you try to automate it, yeah, it's not it's not going to work. It's just not right. Like, understand where automation can and can't help you because it's not always, you know, whether we can automate, it's should we automate. So, just keep that in mind moving forward. So, that's it for today's video. I hope it illuminated the AI content creation process for you. And as always, make sure to let me know what you thought in the comments. and I'll see you around.

=== Claude Opus 4.5 Builds Better n8n AI Agents Than You (Full Breakdown) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDo5hmIqCuk

So, Anthropic decided to rain on Google Gemini 3's parade today when they released Claude Opus 4.5, which is their strongest model to date. Now, I already know what you're thinking, like, "All right, it's a Claude Opus model. I know it's going to be powerful, but it's going to be prohibitively expensive and slow, so I'm never going to be able to use it as my daily driver." But that is where you might be wrong. Because in this update, not only is Claude Opus 4.5 more powerful than its predecessor, it is three times cheaper and uses less tokens than Sonnet 4.5. And when you put that all together, that means we can finally use Anthropic's most powerful model, a model which exceeds Gemini's performance in many cases on any task we want without having to worry about breaking the bank. So, in today's video, I'm not only going to go into detail about these Opus 4.5 upgrades, but we're going to put it to the test and see how well it can create AI agents and automations from simple prompts inside of NADN. It has been a wild week in AI. So, let's just keep the ball rolling. So, like I alluded to in the opener, there are three big changes when it comes to Opus 4.5. That's its performance, its price, and its efficiency. And those are the three things we're going to talk about before we go into the live tests and see how it creates NAND agents and automations. So performance, the first benchmark they talk about is the SUI bench verified test. And this is a test where they give the large language model some sort of GitHub repo that has some issue with it. And they're trying to see if the LLM can solve it. And they tested Opus 4.5 against all the major players. The only one you don't see here is Grock. Now Opus 4.5 got 80.9% accuracy. And that was number one. The runnerup was Codex Max, which was 77.9. Of note, Gemini 3 Pro 76.2. And we also notice a big jump from Opus 4.1 all the way to Opus 4.5. So here's a few more benchmarks. Out of these nine tests that they show us, and of note, Gemini 3 Pro showed us 20 tests. It'll be interesting to see when we have a larger view of different benchmarks. Opus 4.5 comes first in six out of the nine. And of those six, you will notice they are all heavily coding related. Now, Claude has always had the reputation of the coders model of choice. So no surprise to see 4.5 leading the pack. Now, the only three benchmarks where 4.5 didn't win was graduate level reasoning, visual reasoning, and then multilingual Q&A. So, here's a look at the pricing. Opus 4.5 input is $5 per million tokens and output is $25 per million tokens. Again, this is literally three times cheaper than what 4.1 was. That was $1575, right? It was prohibitively expensive. You could not use Opus 4.1 for everything. But now, and I'm about to show you in a second with the efficiency, you can use this over Sonic 4.5. And this right here, this efficiency jump is what I think is the most important development with the release of Opus 4.5. So, you'll see right here, when set to a medium effort level, Opus 4.5 matches Sonnet 4.5's best score on Sweetbench verified, but uses 76% fewer output tokens. 76% fewer output tokens. And remember, if you look at pricing, $5 36, like it's literally cheaper. [laughter] It's It's literally cheaper in terms of executing a task if that actually holds. And that's for something at the same performance level. At its highest effort level, Opus 4.5 exceeds Sonnet 4.5 performance by 4.3 percentage points while still using 48% fewer tokens. This is huge. Again, the biggest issue with Opus in the past was it was like this lumbering giant that just sucked up tokens and dollars out of your bank account. That's no longer the case. Now, when it comes to setting this effort level, there is a link inside the anthropic article, which I will also link below in the description that explains how you can manipulate the effort level. Of note, setting effort to high produces exactly the same behavior as emitting the effort parameter entirely. So by default, if you're inside of cloud code or you're using Cloud Opus 4.5 via the API, it's already going to be a high. So just understand you're already getting max performance if you do nothing. If you want to change it and do a lower effort level and really maximize the token usage, again, the documentation walks you through step by step how to do that. So now you understand what's going on with Opus 4.5 when it comes to performance, price, and efficiency. So now let's actually put it to the test and see how well it can create NAN AI agents and automations from simple prompts. Now I'm inside of Cloud Code. I'm on the Claude Max plan. You're going to need to update it if you haven't done it already because you'll see right away Opus 4.5 is now the default model. So if you don't see Opus 4.5 here and you don't see it when you do /mod, just know you need to update. So what are we actually going to have Opus 4.5 build? Well, we want it to build this or its version of this. Now what this is is an NADN AI automation that we had Sonnet 4.5 build in the past and before that we also tested Sonnet 4.1 and so what it is is it's an automation that allows you to find jobs on LinkedIn. So you, the user, want to find a job. You fill out a form that says, "Hey, I want this job, this title, this salary, this location, whatever." And then what the automation is going to do, it's going to a it's going to find those jobs. It's going to bring the jobs back to you, the user. You will decide, hey, out of those 10 jobs AI brought me, I want jobs, you know, 1 through seven. It's then going to take that information, those seven jobs you chose, and it's going to go out and it's going to go search for the hiring managers out on the internet. It's going to do some research on them and their company. And then it's going to draft custom letters based on your resume, your information, the information of the hiring managers, and then send that out. The idea being, hey, we're going to do our best to bypass, you know, the great wall of résumés everyone is trying to get through and instead go straight to the hiring manager. Right? That's the idea. A lot of moving parts, but this is a great test to see how well this model can handle these sorts of things. And so we are using claude code in combination with the naden mcp server to do all this. Now in this video I'm not going to go step by step of how to set up the naden mcp server inside of cloud code. I've done that before. I'm going to link the video above. So if you want to follow along check out that video first. It takes you step by step how to set this up on your own machine. But what I'm going to do is I'm just going to give it this prompt. I'm just telling it, hey, I want you to create an NN workflow with the NAND MCP server. Big picture blah blah blah blah blah. I go into detail of what I just explained, what I wanted to do, search for jobs, hiring managers, etc. We have it on plan mode. We're going to hit go and we're going to see what it comes back with. So, as always, it comes up with its plan of how it's going to break it down step by step. And right away, I love that it starts doing the web search for these Appify job scrapers. Now, if you don't know what Appify is, it's a marketplace for web scrapers, right? You want web scrapers for LinkedIn, you want web scrapers for Apollo, anything. Well, not Apollo anymore. Appify is the place to go get it. So, it's already searching for the internet to see which one is real. It's not just going to hallucinate these things. All right. So, during the planning phase, it's come up with four sets of questions that it's going to ask me before it even creates this. Now, during my prompt, I didn't even tell it this, right? I didn't even say, "Hey, let's do them back and forth." It just knew intuitively that there's a number of different pathways we could go down. And it needs some user feedback. So, it's asking me how should the user provide their job search criteria. We're just going to say simple keywords. How should the user select which jobs they're interested in after scraping? So, we could do a form. We could do sheets. We could do AI auto filter. We'll just say a form. Then it wants to know how should we identify the hiring managers. We're just going to do it by department head search. And then it's asking me, hey, do you already have an Aify account and an API key? Yes, I do. Or it's going to give me guidance of how to even set it up, which is super nice. And then had another series of questions that have to do with the email stuff, like how should the personalized outreach message be generated? We're going to do AI generated. What information should be included in the outreach email? Job focus pitch, networking approach. Let's do both options. Then, how should the data be stored? We're just going to do Gmail drafts. Now, right away, the depth of those questions that asked me is already a step above. What I had gotten was set 4.5 when I ran this test in another video, which I really like because I think one of the things that trips up people the most, especially if they are like quote unquote a Vive coder and they have no real technical background, is you don't know what you don't know, right? And if AI can help kind of like shine light in those areas and ask you questions that you should have thought of before but probably haven't if you're new to the space, well, that's a huge thing. Like that's a huge positive and that's something that AI systems really didn't do in the past unless you had a very strong prompt that said, "Hey, like I want you to back and forth with me. I want you to identify potential pitfalls." Because a lot of the times, you know, it was like very much just the strength of your prompt, right? If it sucked, then the output would suck. And there's nothing AI would really do to help you along. Opus 4.5, on the other hand, really seems to do a good job with that. And here is a comprehensive plan OPUS 4.5 has come up with. We see it's broken down into multiple phases. It shows us the exact actor it wants to use. It even breaks down what the JSON's going to look like, right? The polling pattern, you know, it goes into like the selected job categories. Like this is very very detailed. Like as I scroll down, this is all part of its like pitch, right? And overall, this is going to be 22 nodes, right? And breaks down the name and the purpose, right? This is something 6 months ago if you had an AI system try to do this and have it be like a generalized thing or wasn't you know overfitting to what your prompt was this was impossible yet Opus 4.5 has kind of nailed this. So we're going to have it created and we're going to see what it actually looks like inside of Naden. So again this is what Sonnet 4.5 created us for the same exact prompt. And here's Opus 4.5's version. Now right away what do we notice? More nodes. Little more complicated right? It's one workflow instead of two. But more complicated, more notes isn't necessarily a good thing or a bad thing. What I do like are the little sticky notes it added. Right? A, it added them in the correct place, but I like having something that sort of breaks down what it was thinking. So, let's go through this automation it gave us untangle the logic and then at the end I'll give you my final thoughts on how I think Opus 4.5 does in these scenarios cuz I actually ran it through a number of other tests. So, phase one and phase two, right? The job search input. They enter this stuff and then they do the actual LinkedIn search. So, if I take a look at the job search format, we see right away, right, it actually did a good job of filling all these things out. And if I take a look at the actual scraper it used, it's this one inside of Amplify. So, it's a real scraper. It didn't hallucinate any of these things. So, Opus 4.5 does love these set nodes. You notice them all over the place when it tends to create these, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, right? It's doing its best to keep the data organized. Um, but it's just kind of a funny idiosyncrasy that I noticed. So, we scrape the jobs. We wait for the job scraper and we get the job results. Now, I wish this is one just like get data set node. But hey, it still does the job. Then it moves on to phase three and four where it processes and selects the job. So, it splits the results up again. Set node to clean the data, removes duplicates, right? That's nice. And then it runs it through some code before it gives us an actual form for us to fill out saying, "Hey, I want jobs, you know, six, seven, and eight out of 10." We then parse the job selections before we move over to phases five and six. Now, this is the part where we've chosen the jobs we like. Right? It presented us with some. We liked a few. Now, it's going to go ahead and find the hiring manager. So, what's it going to do? It's going to check to see if a company URL exists, scrape company employees filtered by HR titles, score the contacts, and then select the best hiring contact. So, actually a lot happening here. So, it's got a loop set up, right, where it's going to process each job selected. Once it goes through the loop, either it has a company URL or not. If it does, it's going to use this employee scraper. So, let's see if this Appify actor actually exists. And yes, it does exist. However, it is 1.8 stars. So, that gives me a little bit of pause, but you can see why it went for it, right? Ideal for HR and recruitment. And we're kind of in that funnel right now. Now, going back through this again, loves the set node. So, cleans up that data, eventually gets the results, parses the results, merges the data, and then does the custom outreach message. Now, this is what I'm interested in looking at. Why? Because what it should be doing is it should be sending a bunch of variable data to it, right? Like it should be mapping stuff that change based on each job. So, the email itself is customized. And let's see if it did that. So, we still need to choose a model here. And here is the prompt, right? This is just like the basic prompt it's looking for. Okay. Right. That kind of makes sense. No data in there though. But if I look at the user prompt, here we go. Write a personalized outreach message for this job opportunity. Right. And it's mapping the title, the company, the location, the description, the recipient, the name, and the background. Right? That's perfect. That's exactly the type of information I would want pass to the AI for it to be able to create these custom emails. And then from there, it parses the response and then creates a Gmail draft. It doesn't actually send it off. we kind of just want a draft um to see what's going on. Now, what it also does is it not only creates those draft is it actually creates a summary email of everything it's done based on these jobs. And that's what you see here, right? Aggregating the results, building the summary, and then sending a summary email. So, it's also keeping you in the loop and essentially using Gmail as like this database to always keep you aware of what's been going on. Now, what do we think about this? As we walked through this, this seems logically sound, right? In reality, if I go through all these nodes, right? Will it work? Will it not work? If it works, awesome. But frankly, as someone who does this for a living, I'm less concerned about oneshotting these things, and I'm more concerned about AI being a being able to build like a logically coherent automation that gets me 80 90% of the way there. It is highly unlikely that even if it oneshots this that it's the exact type of automation I want. What I want my AI system to do is exactly this, right? Like get me 80 90% of the way there. And by doing so in a logically coherent manner, it gets my mind turning about okay like what should I be doing to get this across the finish line, right? What didn't I think about what works? What doesn't? Right? That's what we're really going for. We don't always need it to oneshot these things because frankly whether it can oneshot it or not has a lot more to do with how good your prompt was and how you know detailed you are about the output you want right if I get extremely extremely detailed right take it to the extreme I'm telling it exactly what note I want for everything single thing like yeah it's going to work but what I want is to be able to get it a generalized prompt like it did and come out with something like this and frankly this I would argue is a step above this that we had in sonet 4.5 5, which is huge, right? Especially when you realize the price is essentially the same or less based on the token efficiency that Opus 4.5 now brings us. So, that is where I will leave you. I think Opus 4.5 is awesome. This did an amazing job at creating a skeleton of a pretty complicated AI automation. But what gets me most excited is looking at the changes from Opus 4.1 to 4.5, specifically the efficiency and the cost reduction. This is great, especially from a company like Anthropic, right? They're not Google. They don't have a giant, you know, like ad empire that funds everything. Like Anthropic just has Claude, you know, and yet they have still been able to get these prices down, which bodess well for everyone in like the cutting edge AI space that's looking at these larger language models and being like, "All right, well, is it always going to be this pricey? Is it going to come down? Is it eventually going to go up?" So, this is great news. This is great news for everybody. So, definitely check out Opus 4.5. Definitely check out my previous videos showing you how to connect cloud code and all these things. And lastly, make sure to check out my school. Tons of free resources there. And I also have Chase AI Plus if you're looking for a more advanced workflows and b trying to figure out how to start your own AI agency and actually make money in the space. And as always, let me know what you thought of this video.

=== Nano Banana Pro is NOW in n8n and It's Insane (Full Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mFoS-teO1c

So, Nano Banana Pro just came out this week, which means not only did the number one AI image model in the world get an upgrade, but so did all of our content creation, AI automations, and AI agents. And in today's video, I'm going to show you how to combine the power of Nano Banana Pro and NAND to get the best of both worlds. I'm going to teach you how to automate the entire process of going from text, one reference images, or multiple reference images, not only into a Nano Banana Pro output, but into full-fledged videos as well. specifically UGC content, but the use cases go well beyond that. And what you're really going to learn today are the frameworks and tools so you can apply this new tech into any space you want. We got a ton to cover today. So, let's just hop into it. So, here's how I'm going to run today's video. We're going to start off with a demo so you can see how this whole automation works from beginning to end. And while that's going on, I'm going to talk a little bit about what changes you can expect with the new Nano Banana Pro versus the old model. This won't be a complete deep dive video on Nano Banana Pro. I'll link a video above where I do just that. But we are going to hit some of the big things that you're going to want to keep in mind. So for the demo, the idea is I want to take a single reference image. I want to turn that into an edited Nano Banana Pro image. And then I want to take that edited Nano Banana Pro image and use that as the first frame for my video, giving me full control of the created process, but being able to do that while starting from essentially scratch. And so what you see here is just a bag of creatine gummies, right? My brother and I run our own company and this is our product. Now, this product is particularly tough to use in AI content creation. And why is that? Well, it's because of the text. Notice lots of tiny text. And most models when you try to take an image like this, even if it's clear, and you try to edit it in the AI context, it screws it all up. The text will fall apart. It'll get all mushy. It will look completely illeible. But with Nano Banana Pro, which has made huge strides when it comes to text generation, that's no longer a problem. So this entire content creation system runs essentially on like an Air Table front end and Naden acts as the back end. But the nice thing about this is is everything is controlled from one place and everything is executed with a click of a button. So for our demo, we've given it our image like I told you. I've given it a prompt, right? I just want a 9x6 amateur cell phone image of a mid-20s woman holding up the bag of Max Gummies seen in the attach image. So, right, I'm going for that first frame for sort of like an amateur style UGC video that someone just filmed on their iPhone. I then set the resolution and the aspect ratio. One of the big changes with Nano Banana Pro is you can now control the resolution and the aspect ratio. For resolution, you have 1K, 2K, and 4K options. And then for the aspect ratio, you have a full suite of options, 1:1, 2:3, 3:2, whatever. But you just click the drop-own menu here. And then I set my status to create and then I just hit image. Once I do that, I'll get the message that the workflow has started. And then if I click inside executions, we can see that it's already working. Now once it creates that image, it's automatically going to switch the status to complete and that image will automatically populate inside of Air Table. And I can take a look at it right here. And boom, there we go. Kind of a lowquality picture of a woman with a bag of max creatine gummies. And it looks legit. Now, to kind of show you the power of NanoBanana Pro, if I go in here and I zoom in real tight, this looks pretty good, right? Crafted with transparent, clinically dosed creatine provide real noticeable results. No hidden additives, just clean and effective supplements. Now, if we get really deep, we can see noticeable. Uh, maybe that's a little off. And then up here, the 130 gummies on the right is somewhat like clumped together. But when you zoom out to the full image, like it looks good. You can't immediately look at this and say, "Oh, text is garbage." Right? That's a huge win for Nano Banana Pro. So, it created the image. I like the image. Now, I want to turn it into a video. Same exact process. I just give it the video prompt I want. I set the video aspect ratio, in this case, 9x6. And then all I have to do is hit create video. Workflow gets started and I'm all set. And I just wait for it to be created. It's that simple. and we're able to talk with a bunch of different programs, see all our results in one place, edit the parameters and edit the settings, all from Air Table. >> You struggle with traditional creatine powder, you have to try these gummies. The sour green apple flavor is incredible and they really work. >> So, that video is pretty solid, especially when you realize what we gave it for the video prompt was very bare bones. But, we actually have a prompt optimizer built into this workflow to help you out in case you suck at prompting. So that was the demo and you saw how we went from starting reference image to nano banana pro image to starting frame for an actual video right all with the click of a button and everything was controlled inside of air tableable. Now what we're going to do is I'm going to take you through this automation because this looks crazy at the beginning but it's more simple than you think. So we're going to start really high level. I'll kind of explain what actually occurred on the back end during that demo. Then what we're going to do is we're going to go step by step, module by module, so you understand what's going on for each of these little nodes and what you need to edit to get it working for yourself. So right away you'll notice there's kind of four automations here and they've been split up based on how you create that original image. Nano Banana Pro allows you to either do text to image, right? I just prompt it. I can give it a reference image and have it edit it or use it as a style. Or I can throw up multiple reference images. And here you see two images, right? we give it two reference images to turn into one. You can actually give Nano Banana up to 14 reference images, FYI. So that's why these are split up the way they are because it kind of just depends how much data we put on the front end. Now down here on the bottom right, that's what we use for the actual video. From here, it grabs that nano banana image from Air Table and then it sends it to VO3.1 to create that video which then gets uploaded. Right? No matter if you do text to image or one image or two image, eventually they all come here to the video automation to create the video. So that's why it's split up the way it is. Now what you just saw in the demo was our one image to nano banana image. And so what occurred there is we first went into air table and we a gave it some sort of reference image. We then gave it an image prompt and then we set our settings right resolution aspect ratio. From there we hit the start image button which triggered a web hook. That web hook is this right here. So we click the button in air table. Then this web hook triggers. We then grab all that data from Air Table you just saw. We then send an image request to Kai AI. Kai AI is the API we are using to actually use Nanobanana Pro. Somehow someway um it's actually cheaper to use Kai AI's API than it is Nano Banana. Again, no idea how these guys stay in business, but that's what they do. So we send the request to Kai AI to use Nano Banana Pro with our stuff. We then have a web hook node which also acts as a web hook to wait for the response. Once we get the response back that hey your image has been created. We then download that image. We then extract that image and turn it into B 64. Once it's in B 64 we upload it to air tableable. And then we go ahead and update the record in air tableable as well saying hey it's complete. So real quick data goes inside of air tableable. We grab data from air tableable. We send requests to Kai AI to do the nanobanana edit. We then download the edit and then we upload it to air tableable. That same sort of template, that same cadence is repeated throughout all of these, right? It's the same when we do text to image. It's the same when we do two image to image. Right? The only difference is here we pull one image. Here we pull just text. Here we pull multiple images. And even if we look at the video workflow and again this is taking that final Nano Banana Pro image and turning into that video. It's the same idea, right? We click the button inside of Air Table. The web hook grabs it. We then get that data from Air Table. Hey, what's the video prompt, etc. We then run it through a prompt optimizer like I talked about before, which essentially takes your crappy prompt in Air Table. It makes it actually good. And then we use Kai AI again, right? We request them to make the video. We then download the video and then we upload it, right? Same exact cadence, same exact template for each of these. So that's the big high-level overview of how this all works. Now you've seen the demo, you have somewhat of a murky view of what's happening big picture. Now we're going to dive module by module and I'm going to be bouncing around between NAD and Air Table to show you how you set up each of these nodes. And I'll also go through the two image, the text and all that and show you the differences between those. Although once you set up one of these, they're about 90% the same. So let's start with the web hook. What do you need to change here? What you're going to need to do is we're going to have to do things inside of air tableable right away because we have to give air tableable information about this web hook. So what you're going to do is you're going to copy this and then you're going to go into air tableable. But in terms of going into air table, I give you the full air tableable template inside this template. So if you come here to the left where it says resources and you click on air tableable template, it will bring you to that template. You're just going to do copy base and then that will duplicate it inside your own Air Table instance. So that way you're all set up. But once you get that production web hook from here, I want you to go inside of Air Table and we're going to need to edit this the start image button because this button is what calls the web hook. And now you need to give it your web hook information. So you're going to go to edit field and then you will see this pop up right this URL formula. And now what you need to do is you need to edit this part that goes all the way up to the question mark right what I have highlighted up here that whole HTTP and then you see the question mark everything before that question mark you need to copy paste in your web hook. So on the template itself when you use it it'll say like your URL right you would just delete that and you would paste in your web right that's what you need to do and you need to do that not only for this image one table but also the image two table and the text table right we actually have three tables inside the space which correspond to each of the you know essentially starts right text one image multiple images so once you paste that in you're all set next thing you need to do is let's take a look at the get data. Now, of course, you need to set your credential with Air Table if you've never done that before. It's very easy. You're just going to go to create new credential. You're going to hit open docs and you're just going to follow the instructions. Shouldn't take more than 30 seconds. You're then going to put in your base, right? Mine's called Nano Banana Pro and then set your specific table, right? In this case, we're doing the one image table. Next, we filter by formula. So, status is equal to create. Now, why do we do that? Well, right here you'll notice the images are set to complete. Well, if I have set this to create and this to create and this to create. If I hit the image button, it's then going to run it on all the images at once and create NanoBanana Pro images. That way, you can do multiple images with the click of one button. But when you're ready to create a NanoBanana Pro image, you'll just set it to create, right? It defaults to standby. But that's how it knows which data to pull. Nothing you need to change here. That's just saying what data it pulls from Air Table and then how we sort it. And then all the data gets pushed over here on the output. Next up is our create image request. And this is where we actually send our API request to Kai AAI to make that nano banana edit for us. Now what do you need to change here? Where you you need to set up your Kai AI API. If you've never done that before, you're going to set authentication to the generic type header off and then you're going to create a new header off credential. And then when you create that new credential for Kai, the name will be authorization. Then the value will be bearer space your API key. Right? Exactly like that. Capital B space your API key there. Now where do you get your API key? Well, you're going to need to head to kai.ai. You're going to make an account and then you're going to go to your settings. So if you come to the top right and then you go to market. Come on the left. First of all, go to billing. You're going to need to add some credits. So I suggest adding at least $5. Then you're going to come to the section that says API key. You're going to do create API key. Name it whatever you want. And then you're going to copy paste that API key in there. So once you copy this, you go inside here and it should look like that. That's how you set up your Kai AI API key. Now next thing we need to do is we need to send our JSON payload. So let's take a look at what we're actually passing here. So first of all, the not the model is Nano Banana Pro. We have this callback URL and I'll explain that with the weight node in a second. We pass our prompt, our aspect ratio, our resolution, and then the image input. As for where we are getting all that data, well that comes from the previous node. Remember the get data node we just ran. That's just all the information from Air Table is being mapped to this request that gets sent to Kai AI. Next, we need to wait for it to actually create our image. What you'll see a lot of people do are these really ugly like loops where they're essentially just pulling a get request over and over to see if it's done. But we can do something a little more elegant. So you're going to create a wait node. We're going to set it to on web hook call. And you want to make sure it's on post. Okay. So this actually creates a web hook of its own and you can see it here. It's referenced with the execution.resume URL variable. And if we go back here, you can see that variable reference right here in the callback URL. Now what does that mean? Now I've harped on this before if you've seen previous videos, but that means we make our request to Kai. We're saying, "Hey, create this Nano Banana Pro image for me." And you're also saying, "Hey, here's my callback number. Call me on my wait node when you're done." Right? The alternative to this is you go, "Hey, make this Nano Banana Pro image for me." And then you create a couple other nodes with like a loop that basically says, "Hey, every 30 seconds I'm going to go to Kai AI's door and I'm going to say, hey, are you done?" "No." "Okay, I'm going to go back and wait 30 seconds." "Hey, are you done?" "No, I'll go and wait 30 seconds." If you ever see polling nodes like that, that's what they're doing. This allows us to just wait on one node till they call us. And it's also quicker, right? There's no dead time, right? We instantaneously know when our product is ready. Next up, we have the next HTTP request node. And this is us now that we know our image is already completed. They created it. Now, we just need to download it. So, all we're doing is we're setting this get HTTP request and we're passing the URL of where our image lives. Now, if we look down here on the left, you'll notice the image is here in this results JSON um little item, but it's kind of a mess, right? It comes in like a results URL and then there's a colon. Like, it's disgusting. Well, that's why we have this code here and essentially parses it. So it just grabs the URL for us which is nice. So we download the image but we can't pass it in that format to air tableable. So we have this extract from file which turns it into base 64 and then from there we upload it to air tableable. Now air tableable is so nice to us that they decided to not create a native air tableable node that allows you to upload images which is why we use the HTTP request for this but it's going to be post. This is just red because it is um pin data. But there is something that you need to change here. You need to change this. See where I'm highlighting? What is this? This is the link to your Air Table base. Now, where do you find this? Well, if I go back inside of Air Table, it's going to be kind of small, but you see up here in the URL, you see after it says airtable.com/ there's then a string of numbers and letters that starts with app. So, like app 2 er blah blah blah blah blah. and then eventually it ends with another slash. You want to copy that. Come back in here. You want to paste that in here. Okay? You must do that. Secondly, you see this nano image thing right here. Don't touch that. But that corresponds to this nano image. That's how it knows where to put this. If you change this name nano image, you need to change this part to highlighted. But if you don't do that, just make sure you update this. Pretty easy. Should take 10 seconds. Next up, just make sure you have it connected to your correct token. And then we're just passing some additional data, right? Content type, file type, file name. You can change the file name if you want. Doesn't matter, but you shouldn't have to edit anything here. Only thing you need to edit is what I just referenced, this guy right there. So that uploads the image to Air Table. Next, we just want to update the record. So if you click inside here, right, connect your credential, make sure it's on the right base and table. And then what we're doing is we're just moving that status from create to completed, right? That's what allows it to automatically swap this from create to completed once it's done. Just looks nice. Now, that's how you set up the automation for all these. So, what do you need to change for text to image? Well, the only thing you need to change inside of here is a go inside of these. Make sure you're again on the correct credential. Make sure you've now changed the table to the text table versus image one. That's all you got to change. The only other thing you need to change with that is just like I showed you, go to the air table upload module and just update this. This will be the same for all the tables, right? Because they're all on the same base. So again, come up here app blah blah blah blah blah. Copy that. Now once you update those, then again, you also need to update the web hook. So, we're going to go inside the text web hook, copy the production URL, come inside here, go to text, start image, edit field, and then we just input our web hook. Same as before. Kind of tedious, kind of annoying. You just have to do it once for each workflow. And again, it should take you 15 seconds. So, you've updated the web hook, you've updated your credentials, you've updated that little annoying part with the base link. Once you've done that, you now have your image and text completely ready to go. And this same exact process applies here for the two images. Now, like I talked about in the intro, this whole thing that you're seeing today in this demo, this is like cool, we're turning this image into like this UGC video, but remember these are tools in your toolbox. And whether you create this for UGC or whatever, understand this is super portable. you now have the ability to have some sort of starting prompt or starting image and then use Nano Banana Pro inside of Naden. How you apply that tool in whatever context is kind of up to you, but these are just the building blocks. That's why I created all three. And how you see me set up for two images, well, you can see pretty quickly how you would set up for three images, four images, five images, six images, 14 images, right? Like this truly is like your Nano Banana Pro template. Use it that way. Last but not least, let's talk about the video portion of this, right? What are the big differences we're looking at here? Well, A, we're using a different API because we're using video. And then B, we have this little prompt optimizer in here. Besides that, it's all pretty similar. Now, again, we are going to have to start with this web hook and copy and paste some things in here. So, what you're going to do is you're going to go production, copy that. Come back here into Nano Banana. Come back here into Air Table. Now, we come down to the create video one, and we're going to go to edit field. All right, I've kind of blown up this so you can see this a little bit better. So just like before, right? You're going to copy paste that web hook into this section. Everything before the question mark. You'll notice one other thing though. We have this table ID. So we need to pass the table ID. This also is kind of annoying, but I'll show you how to do it. Again, we're going to go to the URL up here. Remember how we were playing around with this, the base ID where it says app blah blah blah blah blah. Well, you see this next part and the next slash where it says table, you know, tblc zbn. You're going to copy that and you're going to paste that in here. Right? That way the table information gets passed to any end as well. You're going to have to repeat this process for each of your sections. So while that web hook is going to be the same for all three of them, right? The one that does the video, you are going to have to update that table ID. So I'm also going to go into my second base, right? To image going to go to edit field. I'm going to update that with the web hook or the video automation. And again, I'm now going to update this table ID with the new table ID up top. Again, tedious, but it takes 5 seconds and you only have to do it once for each table. Now, once you've done that, you've completed the most annoying part of this entire workflow, which is getting all the web hooks actually set up so these systems can talk to one another. After that, it's pretty similar, right? Now, we're going to get data. And again, you'll notice we're mapping some things. Remember how I had you just pass that table ID? Well, that's because we're passing it here, right? And that's dynamic. Each table has a different table ID and so now it gets passed here inside of this node. That way it knows if it's looking at like the text base or the one image base or the multiple image base. This just gives you a lot of flexibility. From there it grabs all the information from Air Table and then we send it over to Gemini for the prompt optimizer. Now this is a place you definitely need to mess around with and make your own. So this prompt optimizer is doing a couple things. First of all, we're sending it not just our prompt, we're also sending it the image that we're going to create the video from to give it more context. And so we pass it the prompt, we pass it the image, and then what we tell it to do is all this. Now, all of this is us saying, "Hey, when I give you a prompt and an image, I want you to analyze that image, and then I want you to spice up the prompt and get way more detailed in terms of like camera movements, atmospheric effects, the subject animation, whatever. I'm essentially just trying to make that prompt as strong as possible based not only on my prompt, but on the image itself." Now, this is something you can totally customize to whatever you're trying to do, right? If you're only doing UGC videos, well, you better come inside of here and make sure that this prompt optimizer is all about optimizing for UGC. If this is only for stuff with your brand and your brand has a specific messaging and all that, you would edit this so it reflects your brand messaging, the type of video aesthetics you want, etc. So, definitely mess around inside here. And this obviously is using Gemini 3 which is super powerful. So once we have that prompt optimized now we go ahead and we make that request to Kai AI. Again make sure you set up your header off. And there's nothing else you need to touch here but we'll go over it so you understand what's happening. So it's sending that prompt sending the image URL right that Nano Banana Pro image. We have our callback URL. Again remember that weight node that's going to come into play. And then we also pass the aspect ratio. From there, just like everything else, we wait for them to tell us that, hey, your video is done. We then download the video here. We extract it to B 64 just like we do with the images. We upload it to Air Table and then we update the record. Right. Again, make sure you're on the correct base. There's nothing else you should touch here. But real quickly before I forget, Air Table upload, just like all the other ones, you're going to have to come inside here and update this. Remember, this is right up here. that app blah blah blah blah blah. That's what you put here. Nothing else you need to touch besides make sure you're on the right token. So that is how you combine the power of Nano Banana Pro and NADN and not only combine their power, but put them inside a system that allows you a to control all in one place inside of Air Table, but B take those images and actually do something with them. In this case, turn them into videos. So, as for where you can get your hands on this particular template and the Air Table template, you can find that inside of my Chase AI Plus community. There's a link to that down below. If you're looking for more free resources, including 50 plus free AI automation agents templates, you can find that inside my free school, and there's also a link to that down below as well. Now, as always, let me know what you thought about this video, and I'll see you guys

=== The AI Image War Is Over and Google Won ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7D9Rt6TIAUs

So Google stried again today with the release of Nano Banana Pro where they took the best AI image model on the planet and made it even better. Characters are now more consistent, images are more crisp, and we are continuing to win the battle against text generation in our AI creations. But the best part of all is the increased control this new tool has given us when it comes to generating our AI images. So, in this video, I'm going to go over all the Nano Banana Pro upgrades, where you can use it, how much it costs, and we're going to do a number of head-to-head comparisons versus its old model, so you can see how far we've come. So, the first Nano Banana Pro upgrade I want to draw your attention to is the actual image quality. And so, on the left, what you're looking at is the old Nano Banana model, and on the right is Nano Banana Pro. Now, I gave it a very simple prompt to also test how it does in terms of like guardrails. So, hopefully we don't get sorted. But I just said, "Hey, create an image of Elon Musk and LeBron just hanging out on the left. This doesn't look realistic at all. If I zoom into this, what do we see?" It just looks almost cartoonish, right? Almost painted on. It's kind of blurry in the background. The actual details up here are okay. Like, is that a spoon? Like, what exactly is that? But this definitely doesn't pass the initial eye test in terms of realism. Now, contrast that with this. Right away, this looks like a real photo. This is done in 1080p, but with Nano Banana Pro, you have the option to go up to 2K or even 4K. And I'll show you how to do that later. But the details here are crisp and it actually looks like them, right? This looks like Elon Musk. This looks like LeBron. If you saw this on a YouTube thumbnail and you were just passing by, you would think it was real. And the other cool thing is this was done with a very simple prompt. They didn't have to do any crazy prompt engineering to make the lighting look realistic. None of that. It did it all on its own. And the differences between the old model and the new model are night and day. So when it comes to image quality, huge upgrade. So the other big upgrade when it comes to Nano Banana Pro is text and the fact it has Gemini 3 running in the background to give it context when you tell it things in the prompt. For this prompt, I said again, show an image of LeBron James holding up a piece of paper that has the names of the Lakers roster written down. So this one on the left, right, this is old Nano Banana. It's using Gemini 2.5 Pro which does have a later knowledge cutoff date versus three where its cutoff date is January of this year. So the rosters obviously this one's going to be more updated versus this one. But if we take a look at the text, right? So let's take a look at the old model first. So this is somewhat correct, but you will notice there's problems with the name, right? It should be West Brookke, not West Book. There's no Anthony Davis. If we take a look up here at the little advertisement that's supposed to be on the Lakers jersey, that's all busted. The ball itself has like a weird double logo in a place it wouldn't be. Also, the text is jacked up. So, while if you squint your eyes at the beginning, it looks okay. If you give it any sort of like detailed look, it tends to fall apart. Now, versus the pro image, quality obviously way better. This legitimately looks like a picture of LeBron holding up a piece of paper at the Lakers practice facility. Now, as for the roster, it grabbed the 2024 roster, and this is correct. This is the roster, and this is how you spell their names. Now, the text itself is a little too perfect, which is what would give it away for being AI. But in terms of the overall quality being great, right? Notice how good of a job it does with the blur and the content being correct, right? Huge upgrade versus the old model. Going to be a lot of LeBron images today. Might have some deep cuts with a banana boat, which is also topical, so be ready for that. Now, what you see here is the same prompt, but this time I told it to add the stats of the players on the roster. So, over here on the left, again, old image. What do we see? We see a further breakdown of the text and the actual numbers, right? Points, rebounds, and assists. A, it doesn't go down all the way, and B, they're completely jumbled. Like, that's 23.3 the threes back, right? Just doesn't it doesn't hold up. Now, we compare it to the Pro. Again, image quality looks great. It even changed the background to be more dynamic, right? We have some of the players on the roster. Honestly, that kind of looks like Ruie and Austin Reeves even with it blurred out. Now, it did change the roster, right? It doesn't have the full list. It just has their starting five. But if you go ahead and check basketball reference, like you'll see these stats are correct, right? These are the points, rebounds, and assists per game for the 24 season for the starting five. So, just more of the same. Again, quality is upgraded. The context in terms of getting things right in the image is better, and the text just looks clean. Right, that's enough LeBron. We're turning into ESPN over here. So now what we're testing is again it's text but on a greater scale. So this prompt was create an over complicated flowchart showing how large language models work. Include lots of text make it extremely legible. So old one on the left, right? Just illeible in part because the resolution isn't high enough, right? It will not give you better resolution. But even if we zoom in, right? Like what what is this? Like again, if you squint your eyes, maybe you can make sense of it, but this just doesn't work. Now, compare this to Pro. And again, this is a world of difference. Way more text. It's completely legible and it makes sense. And they even threw it up on like a whiteboard, right? To make it look like it was a real thing. Now, in terms of does it look real real? Like, no, because it's almost too perfect. But if we wanted to give it more of a like, hey, someone actually hand drew this like with a marker, you could do that through the prompt. The biggest thing we see here is like just this just looks good. Like this is legible. And now you actually can create, you know, oneshot flowcharts or infographics with this new image model. All right, so quality is definitely improved. It does better on text. What else have they upgraded with Nano Banana Pro? Well, they've upgraded its ability to take on reference images. So for this one on the left, right, old. The one on the right is new. I put in four reference images for here on the left. And I put in eight reference images for the image on the right. And this is what it looked like inside of Gemini, right? I threw it eight different images. These actually came from MidJourney. And I said, "Create me a professional movie poster design featuring all eight anime bounty hunters from the provided images. And then I gave it a rather longer prompt where I pretty much said like, turn it into a coollook movie poster, right? Eight different reference images." If you'll remember, the old Nano Banana could only take five. And if it really did anything over two or three, it really struggled to the point we had to do sort of hacky things like, "Okay, we're going to do a picture collage. You're going to take all five of your images, actually put it on one image. No more of that, at least with the Pro model. And before we compare them, I will say I gave the old model four of them and it actually did a pretty good job versus what it usually does because like I said, it usually falls apart with multiple reference images. But just right off the bat, you can kind of see this one on the right definitely feels more vibrant and more dynamic. And if I were to go through each of the reference images one by one with you, you would see that the eight, you know, little bounty hunters we have here definitely match the reference images versus the one over here on the left, right, our older model, it falls apart a little bit. Not to mention, it added additional things that I didn't tell it right. I only give it four images yet it pushed out six in the actual poster. Furthermore, in terms of poster design, right, the one on the right definitely sort of follows the tropes of, you know, action movie poster and where the text goes. Like this looks like what a poster would look like versus this, right? The text on top is just very flat and you have some like, you know, movie poster Xesque things on the bottom, but it doesn't all come together. So again, big upgrade in terms of reference images, which is awesome when you're trying to again have more creative control. And I think this is also another plus one in terms of just like context and knowing what makes sense when I say, "Hey, do a cool movie poster." Now, for this last part, I'm going to show you how they did when I gave it an image of myself and wanted to make edits to this image or put me in different scenarios. So you can see the prompt here, front view photo, essentially me on a banana throne. Now again on the left you have the old model and on the right you have the new model. Just again quick eye test you can tell the one on the right looks a lot more cinematic and less flat. Right? A problem we would have with the old nano banana model was always trying to fight that like feeling that they just kind of like cut the image out and then pasted it onto a new background. Now, this doesn't exactly do that, but it does feel like there is some disconnection between like me on the throne and the background versus here on the right, it flows much more naturally. And then again, in terms of like the actual quality of this image versus this image and the differences are again night and day. And the other thing I want to bring to your attention is that this one on the right, all the ones I've shown you with Nanoan Pro, this is at the lowest resolution it can give you, right? 1080p. It goes all the way up to 4K and we do not have that option with the previous model. And again, we see that pattern repeated here. This time I wanted it to show me like inside of a forest looking for bananas. The one on the left, old model, just looks kind of cartoonish, even though I told it to do it ultra realistic. And again, me versus the background just doesn't blend great versus this one, right? This looks real. This really looks very real, if not cinematic. So, now you've seen the upgrades and the head-to-head comparisons versus the old model. Now, let's talk about where you can use it and how much it costs. So, two main places you can use this. One, the Google AI Studio, and then two, the Gemini app. If you are using the Gemini app, you need to be on a paid plan, either pro or ultra. And if you're using it, you need to a select tools, which is going to be create image, and you need to be on the Thinking with 3 Pro. You need to have this selected. From there, you just prompt it as you normally would. Now, if you're using the Google AI Studio, you're going to have a little more control in terms of your settings, but you do have to set up an API key. I'll link a video above the first half of it. The video is for NAND, but the first half follows and shows you how to set up a paid API key for something like Google AI Studio. It takes about 5 minutes. And once you're in the Google AI Studio, you'll just hit playground on the left and then you'll select Nano Banana Pro here on the right. Now, while we're here, let's talk about the pricing. So the pricing if you're using the Google AI studio as well as the API it's going to be 14 cents. So 13.5 cents for either a 1K or a 2K image and for a 4K image it's going to be double that. It's going to be about 24 25 cents. So just know that going in that it's a bit more expensive versus the old model cuz the old model for the API was about 4 cents. So right off the bat it's triple that if not six times. Now once I'm inside the studio and I've set up my key you just prompt it the same way you would in the Gemini app. You have some more kind of tools to play with, right? You obviously have your system instructions, but right here you can play with the aspect ratio. So, right, I can set 1:1, 9 to 16, 69, whatever. I don't have to do those little hacky things like we did before was like, okay, second image is going to be like a blank 16x9 or whatever. You can just automatically set it here. Secondly, this is where you can put the resolution, right? 1K and 2K, they both cost the same. It's 4K that's going to double in price. And those are the big things that you can play with. So, I hope that helped shed some light on some of these new Nano Banana Pro upgrades. From my point of view, this looks awesome. It looks like a legitimate leap forward. So, I'm super excited to start integrating this into my AI content creation workflows. As always, make sure you check out all the resources inside of my school, which is linked down below. and I'll see you around.

=== Gemini 3 Is Here and Its Taking Over n8n (Complete Setup Guide) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihOk1ws7Vr0

So, Google just released Gemini 3, which is the strongest AI model we have ever seen. So, in today's video, I'm going to show you how to hook up this brand new model inside of NAND, and we're going to go through a quick demo showcasing some of its unique capabilities. That way, you can start implementing this beast inside of your AI agents and automations. So, the first thing we're going to do is we are going to get our API key. And to do that, we are going to head to a studio.google.com. And there's a link to that down below in the description. Now, if you've never used the Google AI Studio before, you definitely need to check it out. It's essentially a place that's meant for developers, but all that means is they give us all the Google AI tools and they let us use them essentially for free, which is pretty sweet. So, obviously stuff like Nano Banana, V3.1, Gemini 3, they kick you a certain quota, but you can play with things inside of this Google AI Studio without ever paying a penny. Now, that's kind of besides the point, but this is the same place where we get our API key. So once you're on this page, you're going to go to the toolbar on the left and you're going to go to get API key. You're then going to come to the top right. You're going to go to create API key. You're going to name it something. I'll just call mine N2 and then you need to select some sort of project. Now, if you don't have a project here, you can go to create project. We can name our project and then go to create project. Once you do that, you're going to do create key. So once you do that, you'll see this. You'll see your key, your project, when it was created, and then the quota tier. Now, we do need to set up billing if we want to use the Gemini 3 API. If you're just using like 2.5 Pro or 2.5 Flash, they let you get away with the free tier, but we do need to set up some billing. So, you're just going to click on setup billing. This is going to take you to the Google console and you have two options. Either link a billing account or manage billing accounts. Now, if you already have a billing account ready to go, you're just going to connect it. If you don't, you're just going to go to manage billing account. And it's just going to walk you through step by step to connect your credit card to some sort of account. Once you do that and you refresh this page, the free tier will be gone on and it will show it as a tier one quota tier. Now, all you need to do is copy your API key and then this is where we're going to head to NAN. So, I'm inside a blank canvas here and the first thing you need to do is make sure you are on the latest update. So, if you're not sure, if you come down to the bottom left, it will show you your update and how many versions behind you are. If you're on the Naden cloud, you can just update it through here. And obviously, if you're self-hosted, it kind of just depends on what you're using for your hosting service. But just make sure you're on the latest version of NAND. Once you do that, we're just going to click here. We're just going to search up Gemini and you'll hit the first one, the Google Gemini button. And let's just do analyze video here on the bottom. It doesn't really matter what you do, but what we need to do is we need to connect our credential. So, you're going to go do create new credential. You're going to keep this host the same and you're going to paste in that API key. Make sure you rename this up top on the left so you can keep all your accounts organized. But then you're going to hit save and you're all set. You now have Google Gemini 3 connected to NAN. Now in this example, we have the analyze video module. So I have the credential connected. Now I just go to the model. And obviously there's a ton of models here. If you just put in three and then scroll down, you'll see Gemini 3 Pro preview. That is the key we want. Now when it comes to NADM, there's really two ways to use Gemini. either you kind of have these builtin modes like this analyze video mode or you can use it in a more like traditional agent sense where like hey I have this AI agent and then for my chat model I go ahead and I just connect Gemini same thing as before I make sure my credential is correct and then I just search for Gemini 3 pro preview and I now have Gemini as my Asian chat model of note Gemini 3 is really good at tool calling in the past 2.5 Pro just kind of wasn't up to snuff compared to things like GPT. And if you try to use Gemini in a rather complicated agent center with multiple tools, it would sometimes fall apart. But I have noticed that Gemini 3 is much much better in this instance. Now, as for the demo, the thing I kind of wanted to go over was this module itself, the analyze video model, because out of all of the state-of-the-art models, right, Grock, Claude, GPT, and Gemini, Gemini is I have found personally is the best at sort of these multimodal operations, aka doing things that don't involve just text, right? Giving it images and especially videos. It is really good at analyzing them and giving them some sort of output. So what we're going to create today as a very simple demonstration of its power is essentially an automation where we can choose any YouTube video we want, have the video analyze and turn it into a LinkedIn post that is then uploaded on our Google sheet where we can either edit or actually copy paste and post on our actual LinkedIn and it's going to be super easy to create and you can kind of see Gemini 3 in action. So first things first, we have our module, right? You're going to go to analyze video and you're going to connect it and here inside the URL is where we need to paste some sort of video. So, I suggest just going on YouTube and finding a video that you in theory would like to make a LinkedIn post about. In this case, I found this YouTube video from Google itself. It's their Google anti-gravity account. I should probably subscribe to that. And in case you don't know what anti-gravity is, it's their brand new agentic IDE that they just came out with alongside Gemini 3, which essentially means it's Google's version of cursor. So, if I go into NAN and I paste that URL in there. Now, for the text input, I'm just going to say, hey, I want you to analyze this video and then create a LinkedIn post for me. So I wrote analyze the video then create a LinkedIn post based on the video only output the LinkedIn post itself. No preamble because I don't want to have something copy pasted over that says hey I made this post for you right I just want the post itself. Now if I hit execute step it's going to do all that right away. So over here on the top right we get the text right it makes our little LinkedIn post has some uh cringy emojis but we have the text there but that's not enough right? It's not enough to create an automation where we throw a hard-coded YouTube video in there and it gives us this text. We want it to actually go somewhere, right? We talked about setting this to Google Sheets. So, let's do that. Now, the first thing we need to do is we need to create some sort of Google sheet, right? So, if you hop inside of Google Sheets and create a table, you can call it whatever you want. LinkedIn Gemini posts. In this case, very simple. It just has three columns: date, video URL, and post. And what I'm going to want to pass to it is the video URL so I have something to, you know, reference. And then the post itself. And this will become sort of my one-stop shop for being able to turn YouTube videos into posts. So, we're just going to search for sheets. We're going to do append row and sheet. Now, once we're inside Google Sheets, alls we need to do is connect it to that table. So, we have LinkedIn Gemini posts on sheep one. And then the text we're going to want to put into the post. Now, what about this video URL? How do we actually get that? Well, we're going to have to fix this automation a little bit because first of all, I don't want it to be when clicking execute workflow. What you probably want this to do is you want to have some sort of form submission where I can just insert the URL inside there and then it automatically runs, right? Doesn't make much sense to have to go inside the module itself and edit all these things. So, let's do that. So, I'm going delete this trigger. We're going to do form submission on new end form event. And then we'll just call this Gemini LinkedIn add a form element. This will be the YouTube link. Make it required. So here we go. So now what we're going to do is we're going to take this URL. We'll delete this. Come back inside here. And what I want to do is I just want to execute this workflow which brings this up. Now the way it'll work is I just put the YouTube link in and the automation will automatically run. So we'll hit submit. I'm going to pin this data. Drag it to the Gemini node and now we can map this. Right now it's going to be dynam now it's going to be dynamic. No matter what link we put into the form it's going to be ingested into Gemini which will create the post and put inside here. Furthermore, if I click on here we now have the ability to map that, right? So the on form submission, this YouTube link can come here as well. That way I always know, right? And I can also put the date in here if I wanted to do that too. So with that, let's run it from the top. Right? The form's in there. I'm hit execute workflow. And next we should see it populated inside of our Google Sheets. And here's a look. We have the video URL and then we have the actual post that we could copy paste into LinkedIn if we wanted to. And all this was obviously just a very simple automation. There's a ton you could do to make this better, right? We could go inside here. We could give it examples of LinkedIn posts we like or writing style, right? So we could actually get a LinkedIn post as a final output that we would really use. But this was just to demonstrate a how to connect Gemini to NAND and then b how to use some of Gemini's unique features inside of an automation you might actually use. Namely the video analysis because the video analysis especially inside of Naden is something that Gemini is better than everything at and 3.0 just turned that up a notch. So hopefully that helps you out. And as always if you're looking for more resources about hey how do I start an AI agency? How can I create more automations and agents? Can I get templates? Make sure to check out the school resources below. Obviously, we have the paid school for the AI agency stuff, but tons of free templates, 50, 60, 70 of them right now if you go ahead and check out the free school, too. So, check it out. And as always, I'll see you

=== Gemini 3 Just Killed ChatGPT (Day One Impressions) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuEU8wjHmYk

So, Gemini 3 just came out today. So, we're going to skip the intro and just hop straight into it and start looking at how this brand new model from Google actually compares to the other big players in the market, namely Sonnet 4.5 and OpenAI's GPT 5.1. So, here's a look at the benchmarks. And I know benchmarks aren't real life, but they give us some quantifiable standard where we can compare modelto model. Now, it ran it against 20 tests. We're looking at stuff like math, science, reasoning, coding, etc. And we got Gemini 3 Pro in the blue compared to Gemini 2.5 Pro, Sonet 4.5, and GPD 5.1. And out of the 20 tests, Gemini 3 Pro was the highest ranked model in 19 out of 20. Now, the only test where it didn't come out on top was the SU Bench verified test. It scored a 76.2% compared to 59.6 in the Pro 2.5 model. So, 17% jump from model to model. And the winner in this was Sonnet 4.5, which was 77.2. and then 5.1 was 76.3. So they were essentially all within a percentage point of each other. So even in the test that it didn't win, it still did really well. Now for those of you wondering what the Swedebench verified test is, this is a test where they take these AI models and they essentially give them a GitHub repository with some sort of problem and then they see if the AI system can come up with its own patch or fix for that problem inside of GitHub. And these aren't just like random GitHub repositories. they've been looked at before to make sure it's like a legitimate problem. So this is like a realworld sort of like how would they approach this like a human engineer would type test. So it still scored really well 76.2 compared to clause 77.2. But other than that across the board it crushes it like math arena Apex which is a challenging math contest 23.4%. The next highest was 1.6. And another place where it dominated was screen spot protest, which is a screen understanding test. 72.7 versus 3.5% for 5.1. And that actually doesn't surprise me cuz across the board when it comes to Google models, they tend to do really well on sort of multimodal issues, which is to say issues that aren't just text. We're talking like images, video, etc. They also showed off some of the Gemini 3 Deepthink scores. So Gemini 3 Deepthink versus Gemini 3 Pro. Deepthink is just their like heaviest reasoning model. So, Gemini 3 Pro is a reasoning model. It just has that dial turned to 11. Now, as for what's available for you, the user, if you're on ultra plan for Google, you can get access to Deep Think, but everyone else, if you're on like the pro plan, the $20 month plan, you won't have access to Deepthink. But, it's kind of cool to see how well it does versus the other players. Okay, so Gemini 3 looks super powerful when it comes to the benchmarks. What about the cost? How much is this going to cost me to run if I'm using the API? Well, can be a little confusing because similar to Sonnet 4.5, it sort of has this like token tier model where if your input and output are under 200,000 tokens, it's a certain price and if it's over 200,000 tokens, it's another. And also note, there's no free tier. So, let's kind of walk through this. So, the input price, if it is a less than 200,000 token prompt going into it, it's going to be $2 per million tokens. And if your input is over 200,000 tokens, that price doubles, which is kind of tough, up to $4. Now, for the output, if it's under 200,000 tokens, and remember that output is also going to include the input, $12 per million. And then if it's over, it's $18 per million. And then it goes into stuff like context caching. And this has to do with like, hey, if I have a running conversation with Gemini 3, like where do those previous conversations go? like does it take it all in like token to token like no it doesn't there's a lot of cost associated with that all that to say is this is a pricier model right we have a ton of power here but it is more expensive than 5.1 about on average we're looking like 50% higher cost now compared to sonnet sonnet is still more expensive but you know this is this is in closer to the sonnet range than it is the GPT 5.1 range it's nothing crazy I hope this goes down over time as things tend to do But know that when it comes to cost, it's not cheap. Now, where can I actually use it? Well, there's three big places, right? The first is obviously the API. Tons of places to access there, whether that's officially through Gemini's API using something like Open Router. Second place is the actual Gemini app. So, Gemini.google.com. If you are on the pro plan, you should already have Gemini 3. And it's just going to show you this, right? There's not going to be like a 2.5 flash model anymore. It's just going to be fast and thinking. Okay, both of these are using Gemini 3. The third place you can go is the Google AI Studio, which you've heard me talk about before. It's an awesome resource from Google, which lets you use essentially all of their AI tools for free. Now, obviously, not unlimited, but it's a pretty hefty quota you get that resets every 24 hours. So, if you go to a studio.google.com and just click on Gemini 3 Pro preview, I'm now using Gemini 3 Pro right here for free, right? Okay. And then you're able to even adjust it more so than you would in the Gemini app, right? I can go inside of here. I can adjust the system instructions, the temperature, the thinking level, the media resolution. Right? There's a lot I can do here, right? It's supposed to be for developers. But if you aren't a quote unquote software developer, don't let that scare you off. Definitely check out Google AI Studio. If you're not already paying for something like the Gemini Pro plan. So, we've gone over Gemini's benchmarks, how much it costs, where you can use it. Now, let's actually put it to the test against some of the other big players on the market. Now, if you head over to Twitter right now, you're going to see a bunch of posts of people showing off the sort of things they've built inside of Gemini already. So, I figured let's try to copy them, see how it actually works for us, and then see how things like sonnet in 5.1 compare. So, right here we have a 3D Lego editor. So, I thought, let's start with that one. So, I went to Gemini 3. I opened it up in canvas mode, and I just said, create me a 3D Lego editor. This is a six-word prompt. I gave it essentially no guidelines. And this is what it came up with. So, it created this 3D app for us. I can zoom in, zoom out. I can build different Legos. I can switch the colors, right? I can even paint them different colors if I don't like them. I can delete the Legos, too. Go into the delete and mess with them. What it can't do is I'm not able to actually build them on top of one another, I don't think. But for a oneshot prompt, you know, six letters, six words rather, it did pretty good. Now, compare that to Sonnet. Ran it several different times. really tried to get it to work and just repeatedly and repeatedly repeatedly ran into errors, right? I couldn't even get it off the ground using Sonet 4.5. Now, with 5.1, it could never actually get something to load. We just kept hitting error after error, and unfortunately, we were pretty much stuck on this screen the entire time. So, for our second test, we did the opposite approach. We have a much more detailed prompt here. And what we're doing is we're looking at this like Stonehenge Explorer app, right? And I want a specific UI with specific controls where I can play with things like the sun azmouth and like the wind effects, right? And we get what you see here. Wow, that zooms in very quickly. But I can change the sun azmouth, right? You can see how it messes with the shadows, the sun elevation, the grass wind, right? You can actually tell that the wind is blowing the grass versus not blowing it at all. And I can kind of zoom in and out and sort of change my angles, right? Whoa. Pretty cool, right? Need to work on that zoom. Now, let's see how the other ones fared in creating something like this. So, Sonnet again did well when it came to the actual UI, but like in terms of actually getting this to work, it looks like it created something when I mess with the zoom, but for all intents and purposes, this doesn't work at all. When it came to 5.1, again, I tried to have it fix its errors several times. It got the UI like slider pretty much the way we wanted it up here, but the issue was it just was never able to actually render any part of the 3D application, right? We were never able to see Stonehenge. We just got the black screen. So, that's the really quick first day overview of Gemini 3. I'm really excited for this model because I loved 2.5 Pro. It was my favorite model, honestly, all the way until it got replaced, even if it got leaprogged by some of the other big players along the way. So, I'm really excited to use this more and more, especially some of my AI agents and automations. So, let me know what you think in the comments.

=== Most AI Agents Don't Sell. These Four Do. (n8n Templates Included!) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sF4GjtKoY_w

If you're somebody who's been trying to sell AI agents and automations to businesses, then you've realized that there is a huge disparity between what racks up views on social media and what people actually buy. And that's because these over complicated, flashy workflows that do numbers on YouTube don't actually accomplish what businesses are trying to achieve, and that's to provide value. Clients and businesses do not care how many nodes your workflow has, how complicated it is, how many outside AI resources it's using. They just care if it's going to drive revenue, bring in more clients, or save them time in some manner. And as someone who's been running their own AI agency for over a year now, this is a pattern that I have seen again and again and again. And because of that, the lion share of automations and agents that I have sold fall under one of four categories: rag agents, lead generation automations, voice agents, or content creation automations. So, in today's video, we're going to go through those four types of AI agents, and I'm going to explain what they are, how they work, and how you can create them yourself. And as a bonus, if you stick around till the end, I'm going to show you how to get all the templates that you see in today's video for free. So, with that, let's get started. So, like I talked about in the intro, we're going to be going over the four types of AI solutions that clients actually buy. And for each of these solutions, I'm going to be talking about three different things. The first one is what it actually does. The second is how I've seen clients actually use these solutions. And the third is going to be what you should be thinking about as someone who actually builds these AI agents and automations. As we go through this video, you're going to see a bunch of links pop up that are for videos that actually deep dive each of these solutions if you want more information about that particular one. So, let's kick this off by talking about rag agents. And ra retrieval augmented generation means I have some sort of AI agent connected to a vector database. Now, a vector database is just a fancy term for a database that works really well with large language models. And this database acts as essentially a giant knowledge base for your AI agent. So, think of a custom GPT with all these files you fed it, but on steroids, right? Instead of only being able to feed it like 5, 10 files, you can feed it thousands. Okay? That's what an AI agent is. And what it buys the client is you now essentially have this AI system, this chat GPT thing that can act as a member of the team because hey, I want this AI system to be a part of our project to be part of our organization. Well, now I'm going to feed it our best practices, our SOPs, our emails, what's going on in our current situation, right? And now that AI agent has all that context and can leverage it in whatever manner you want. That's what it buys the client. Now these rag agents could come in a bunch of different forms. This could be a chatbot on a website. This could be a Slackbot. This could also be something that just lives in your email, which is what I had one client do. He wanted a rag agent that was essentially a clone of him. So, we fed the So, we fed the Vector database everything about this guy, right? Hundreds of his previous emails, best practices for his company, SOPs, their mission statement, everything, right? It was hundreds and hundreds of documents. And the idea was now that he had this AI clone of him, it would respond to all his emails. So it draft up all his responses, which is exactly what it did, saving him hours every week. That's just one example. And just as the rag agent can look like a bunch of different things, the rag architecture itself can also be extremely varied because the rag waters are extremely deep. Right? What you're looking at here is example of graph rag. What you see here is a gentic rag. What we've been looking at this whole time is just very very basic naive rag, right? It actually can get relatively complicated. So understand once you start learning about rag like there's a lot that goes into it. Now from the client's point of view there isn't nearly much that goes into it at all. Alls they need to do is they need to a have a place where they can give the vector database documents and b someplace to talk to it. Right? We've spoken about this where to talk to it slack email whatever. But you are going to have to give the client someplace to you know store documents. Right? They want the AI agent to have this knowledge these emails these SOPs whatever. How do they do that? Well, all they need to do is they just need to go to somewhere like Google Drive and have a folder that automatically ingests all that data like you see here into the system, right? Very easy for the client. Now, what about you? What do you need to be thinking about when it comes to all these rag systems? You need to spend a bunch of time thinking about needs to be agentic. Does it need to be graph? Kind of, but not really. The big hurdle when it comes to rag agents is data. Now, what do I mean by data? Really two parts to it. The first part is the data ingestion piece, right? Not just like where do they put the documents they want, but like what are those documents? Now, this is something that's ever changing. Understand that, right? As time goes on, you're starting to see more like multimodal rag systems, which means they can take videos, they can take pictures, and they can actually understand that and turn that into a vector. But most of the systems you'll deal with, especially first, are going to be textbased only, right? So, they need like Google Docs or PDFs that are text, not scans. So that's the first thing like is it text? Is it a data system it can actually hold? The second thing is going to be well what does that data actually look like? You know if you give it a thousand documents that has conflicting information or isn't titled correctly right and it's just like ugly and garbage. Well garbage and garbage out your rag system will reflect that. So make sure the data on the front end is a organized and b text. Secondly is going to be data syncing and you kind of see that right here. What happens when a client deletes a document for Google from Google Drive or changes a document in Google Drive, right? What's going to happen then? What are we going to do? Well, you need some sort of system that can deal with that. And this is not something a lot of people talk about. They just show you the rag system it puts inside the information. Well, in the real world, things change, right? I don't want my AI agent to have data that is old or conflicting. It defeats the whole purpose. So you need to think about data on the back end some sort of cleanup system that can make sure a deleted documents in Google Drive are deleted inside the database and b what happens if we change a document right you need to have these answers and it needs to work every single time so that's the rag systems in the nutshell the cell to the client is this is an AI agent that now can become a member of your team and have full context same as any team member and for you data data data how is it organized how are you cleaning it up so let's move to AI solution number two and that's lead generation automations. The ROI on these is clear. I am giving you an automation that brings you the client more clients. Very simple cell. That's it. Now, how do these actually work? What do they need? Well, they really need four things. First of all, they need some sort of lead source. What you're looking at right here is a Google Maps scraper. So, our lead source in this case is Google Maps, right? We're going to Google Maps. We're scraping all the data from there, right? That's the lead source. The second thing it needs is some sort of enrichment, right? So, I got the data from Google Maps, but as you know, there's not enough there, right? I probably need some more information. So, in this case, this simple Google map scraper just uses Tablety, this could be Perplexity, this could be SER API, this could be a Google shirts. Any way I can take the leads I found from my source and get some more information, right? This will change depending on the client, depending on the source, their industry, whatever. But that's part two of any robust lead generation automation. Number three is the custom messaging, right? Because they're going to want to do some outreach, right? Whether that ends up being a DM on LinkedIn or a large scale cold email campaign, we need a way to take all that data we found from both the enrichment phase and the sourcing phase and turn it into some sort of custom messaging so we don't sound like, you know, some AI blast to 10,000 people and it's very, very generic even though that's exactly what it is, right? you need some way to customize it so it sounds like the email is a one of one, right? That's the goal. That's the northstar. And then the fourth thing is, can we then put this all this information, right? The data we scrape, the data we enrich, the custom messaging, can we push that to some sort of platform where we can now conduct our outreach campaign. Now, if you're doing something like cold email, right, a great one is instantly. And that's what happens here, right? All that data gets pushed to instantly. So then you can go onto a platform that's actually built for cold email outreach. or maybe it's like LinkedIn DM, right? You need you need to be able to push that data one place so it's not just living instead of like a Google sheet or something. Now, what you see here is a Google Maps version. What you see here is something that uses Apollo. Now, this uses the old Aify Apollo scraper. So, this is a little older, but this could be replaced with like Apollo's actual API or Clay's actual API that all all remains the same. Source leads, enrich leads, custom messaging, and then push it to a platform so you can actually outsource. Right? Those are the four things every lead generation needs and how clients actually use them just depends on the industry, right? You can have the exact same, you know, automation here for one client versus the other. The things that are going to change are the custom messaging like what do they need to hear and where you're going to find the enrichment, right? For me, many times it can just be something that's online, but in other cases there's like very specific resources for the enrichment and the data they want. Now, what do you need to be thinking about as someone actually creating these workflows for the client? Well, the two biggest things are going to be a where do we source the leads, right? Is it just something generic like Apollo, like, hey, we're just trying to find, you know, marketing directors across the country and companies that are, you know, 2 to 500 people or is it something a lot more specific, right? Like I did lead generation for one client who was targeting specific people on YouTube, right? And he wanted to filter based on the amount of views they were getting in a specific niche and find them that way. you know, that's where stuff is going to change. The second thing that's going to change is the actual messaging, right? The actual message we generate. This is largely going to be on the client themselves, but it's on you to be able to extract what they're trying to say and combine it with all the data you found. Right? So, this is definitely like a a team effort when it comes to the messaging because everyone has their own message, but you're the person who takes all that data and actually turns it into a deliverable. Now, let's talk about our third AI solution, and that's AI voice agents. They come in two forms. Inbound, so think receptionist, and then two, outbound. Think like a sales rep following up on leads. Now, each of these you a need to understand, but b sort of three parts to all them. The first part is going to be like the phone number. That's something you can set up via like Twilio. The second is the actual tools involved. So, think of our receptionist, right? I wanted to be able to check availability, get user bookings, book appointment, modify appointment, whatever. This changes but we set that up inside of NAND. And then the third thing we need to do is actually set up the call logic, set up the voicing, right? How do we do that? We usually use something like 11 Labs or Vappy. So you actually need to go outside of NADN and introduce some of these external tools. Now the cell for these is pretty simple, right? You have an AI system that either replaces or augments an employee. Now think of the receptionist. Even if they aren't replacing the receptionist, what happens for after hours? What if you actually want something a little more dynamic than just sending everything to voicemail? Right? This is where this comes in. And they're relatively cheap versus an employee. The other big sell for these is how easy they are to integrate into things like CRM. In our outbound example, I had a client that wanted leads followed up on immediately. So, they had a web page. The client would fill out the potential lead would fill out their information, right? Name, phone number, etc., and then this voice agent once all that information came in and they got through the base level qualification stage, it would immediately follow up a call and confirm some information. And that CRM setup is very simple to do. Again, you see inside of here inside of NADN, in this case, it's using Google Sheets, but this could be anything, right? Whatever HubSpot, for example, whatever system you want, it can integrate into it. And these integrations are what you, the builder, has to actually think about because these tools, check availability, get user bookings, book appointment, these can be anything. And every single client's going to kind of want a different spin on it. And also, they're probably going to have some weird CRM system that you've never even heard of that you're going to have to deal with. that's where you're going to spend most of your time like dealing with the you know little idiosyncrasies of whatever like third party system they want to integrate into the voice agent and this changes from client to client. The other thing you're going to have to think about is the actual call logic and how the voice sounds and dealing with latency and all of that is a battle you're going to fight inside of 11 laps. But voice agents are huge. There are entire agencies where this is just the only thing they sell. So definitely have this in your toolbox. Now last but not least, content automations. And out of the four, this is the one I think that's getting the most hype recently in no small part due to things like Sorune VO 3.1 because the video is getting really, really good and it's only getting better. Now, what are content generation automations? Well, I consider anything that has to do with generating content from a marketing sense, from a commercial perspective as something that falls under this umbrella, right? And for a lot of businesses, especially smaller medium-sized ones, marketing, especially social media marketing, isn't necessarily a place that they are putting a bunch of resources in. They're not hiring a ton of people to do it. So, naturally, they look for AI to fill that gap, which is where you come in. And again, these take a bunch of different forms. Everything from like social media scrapers, which go out and actually find marketing data to bring back to the client, to automations that actually generate videos, especially in UGC. UGC is one I have seen a ton and done work on with clients all the way to very simple automations that just generate LinkedIn posts, right? It's the full gambit. And because it's so wide ranging, you actually need to know how to create quite a bit when it comes to content. You do need to understand how to do the simple stuff like LinkedIn post generators. But you also need to understand how would you integrate things like Sora 2 and V3 into automations that no kidding create AI video content for businesses. So what do you the actual builder need to think about when it comes to these AI content automations? Well, I think what you need to know more than anything is their limitations. When it comes to content, especially if they're talking about, hey, I want to do UGC, I want to do full AI videos, you need to make it very, very clear to them what makes sense to automate and what doesn't. And the thing is what makes sense and what doesn't is something that's changing every couple weeks. You can automate UGC videos, but in that automation process, you have to be very, very strict about something like prompt generation and your messaging. And also, you need to know that these aren't things that you can necessarily oneshot. If you have an automation that creates videos for the client, great. But you're probably going to have to create three, four, five, six, seven, and then they manually choose which one they like because there's a lot of AI crap out there that looks terrible. And if you go to a client and you say, "Hey, this is going to work. I'm going to create this UGC automation for you." Whatever. It's probably going to suck if you aren't very, very deliberate about how the AI content creation process is actually being executed. You cannot automate everything. you just can't, especially when it comes to stuff that's visual. It's just going to look bad. So, knowing where those limitations are and how they're changing is something that's going to change client to client, but you must make it clear to them because if you try to sell them a bill of goods, um, and you're going to say, "Hey, this is going to look great," and it doesn't, you're going to be in for a bad time. And again, it's something that's always changing. So, you really need to be up to date on like which AI video tools are best, which AI image tools are best, and how to use them, like an actual proper workflow. So, out of all of these, the content stuff definitely requires the most finesse. So, those are the four types of AI automations and workflows that I have found actually sell. And I hope this video was able to not only shed light on what those workflows look like, but more importantly, the types of hurdles you're going to face in the real world when you actually try to implement these for clients, because not a lot of people talk about that. Now, I also promised you that I would show you how to get all the templates you found in this video. If you go down in the comments and hit the first link, the free Chase AI school, it will bring you here. If you go to the classroom, you can find all the templates here in the template section. You can also search for them using the search bar and you will find all the templates as well as guides of how to use them inside of here. Now, if you're someone who wants to learn more about the AI agency stuff, definitely check out Chase AI Plus. There's a link to that in the comments as well that has a way heavier focus on like, hey, you want to start your own AI agency. Here's how you do it from day zero all the way to landing your first client. So definitely check us out if that's something that would interest

=== n8n Essentials in 25 Minutes ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kdgu5FMoGw

If you're somebody who doesn't know how to code, but wants to create AI agents and AI automations, then you've probably heard of NADN. NAD is the number one lowode platform on the market right now, which means it's a place you can go and actually build these complex AI systems without knowing how to actually code. But even if you don't necessarily need to know how to code, NAN can be extremely intimidating for someone who's new to the space. And if you go on YouTube and try to find guides, they're either five, six, seven hour masterclass courses or they're videos about specific complicated templates that don't necessarily teach you how to build it from scratch. So, in today's video, what I'm going to try to do for you is condense a 5hour master class into essentially a 20inut sprint that can get you from zero to having some idea of what the heck is going on so you actually feel confident about jumping onto this platform and starting to build AI agents. I'm going to assume you've never used NAM before and you have no technical knowledge. So, hopefully this video can help you out no matter where you are on your journey. So, NAN, what exactly is it? Well, it's a platform that lets us build AI agents like you see on the screen right here. But instead of coding it, you know, getting on a scary terminal and writing all these lines, I'm instead going to essentially be able to create these little building blocks like you see right here and just connect them. I'll be able to connect chat models. I'll be able to connect tools. I'll be able to have this agent give its answers in something like Slack and I can just talk to it like I would chatb. But let's talk a little bit more about the platform itself. What does it cost? How do I use it? Is it free? Well, if you go to naden.io, you're going to see a page just like this. Now, in regards to pricing, there's a whole lot of different pricing options. When you hear about NN, people are going to talk about hosting. They're going to say, "Hey, you should self-host or you should local host." What does all of that mean? Or they say, "Are are you on the cloud?" What what what the heck are they talking about? Well, like I said, there's really three options for hosting. And when I mean hosting, I'm talking about where NAD lives. Okay. The first option is what is referred to as the cloud. This means I just go to NAND.io just like we are now. I sign up on their website and then I go to the website when I want to use NAND. The service itself is hosted on NADN's cloud, right? All the information is on their servers and that's what I'm paying for. I also have the option to selfhost. That means that instead of paying to use NAN on Nad servers, I instead operate NAND on my own servers. Well, not necessarily my own servers, but somebody else's, right? Some other third party like Hostinger or Render. Now, why would you do this? Well, because it's cheaper, right? So, that's option two, which is self-hosting. The third option is to local host. This is a bit more advanced. This is you actually hosting it on your very own computer, which essentially makes it free. Now, there's different constraints hosting it on your computer, right, power-wise, versus on someone's cloud. But just understand that's what people are talking about. If you are brand new, and all that was super confusing, just use the N9 cloud. I would suggest just starting monthly off the bat. Just do the starter plan. and they have a free trial, but this makes it as easy as possible. You just start the trial, you log in, and you're all set. Now, once I sign up for NAND and I log in, I'll get to a page that looks like this. This is where all of my workflows live. And if I want to create a new workflow, I'm just coming up to the top here and I'm going to go to create workflow. And this is our canvas. This is where we build everything. And so, let's just jump right into it and just start creating an AI agent. So, I'm just going to hit tab, and that's going to bring this up here on the right. And this shows me all the different options, all the different building blocks for my agent. So I'm going to search for AI agent. And you're going to see over here, this pops up. It brings up this screen automatically, which is like the settings for that particular node. But this is what we got, right? Each of these things is known as like a module or node. So this is our AI agent node, and this is our input. This is how we would talk with our agent in this case with a chat message. Now, for every single node, you're going to have settings. Okay? There's going to be certain ways for you to configure it with our AI agent. There's a number of things that we can configure. Namely, what are we going to attach to it, right? Imagine I'm trying to essentially recreate chat GPT. Well, I would need some sort of chat model, right? So, if I click on chat model, you'll see over here on the right, and I'm just going to go to the left for the rest of this video. You'll see here on the right all the different language models that I can select. Just think of again when you're on chat GPT you have the option doing GPT5 GPT 4.1 40 similar thing here but I can choose anything right open AI Grock Gemini AWS whatever they're all at my disposal and I just got to click them let's click click open AI and you'll see I have models that I can choose from all the different models are at my disposal and I can choose whatever one I want now what I will need to do though is I need to connect my account, right? I need to have an open AAI account. So, it only charges me. It doesn't charge any. How do I do that? Well, I'm just going to go to create new credential. And then you'll see it's asking for certain things like API key, organization ID. What do I do here? Well, what you're going to do is you're going to hit open docs right here. Now, for every single module, you're going to see this, right? If I click out, close, you see docs right here. Same thing when I create a new credential. Open docs. documentation are essentially the instructions for how to use that module. And you should always take a look at these if you're ever confused and don't know what to do because Nad documentation is actually really really strong. So right here it's telling me exactly how to create my credentials, right? It says I need an API key. I need an open AI account. And then it gives me the four steps of how to do it. So I'll actually walk you through this so you can see it in real time. So first things first, we need to create an open AI account if you don't already have one. So I'm just going to click on this. And then you're going to log into your account and you're going to see a page like this. What you're going to do now is you're going to go to the settings. You're going to come over here to the left. You're going to go to billing and you need to add some sort of credit balance because you're going to be paying for it every single time you use that open account. It's fractions of a penny. I'll talk about it a little bit more, but you just need to add some money to your account. Five bucks is fine. Once you add some funding, you're going to go down to API keys and then you're going to go to create new secret key. And you can now call this thing anything. I'll call mine naden test. And then once I create the secret key, it gives me this API key. I'm going to copy this. I'm going to hit done. I go back inside of naden. I insert my API key. Rename it to whatever you want. I hit save. And boom. I now connected my OpenAI account to this right now. I can open chat right here and you see this chat window down on the left. I can just say hello. You can see the model working and it responded to me. Hello, how can I assist you today? Just like chat GPT would. Now, you might have just followed along what I did exactly and still had no idea what the heck actually happened. So, let's talk very quickly what what we actually just did. Like, okay, so I connected my account. How are these accounts actually connecting? What's an API? So what is an API? Application programming interface. All that means is an API is how two programs talk to one another. So right now, right, program one is our AI agent inside of NADN. Okay. Program two is OpenAI where the chat model lives. If I want this AI agent that we're working on right now to talk with OpenAI over here, how do we do that? Well, it uses an API request, right? Think of this line as that API request in action. So, what's happening is I gave it my message, hey, how's it going? It went to this AI agent. It then sends that message. Think of it sending a letter to OpenAI servers. It gets the request says, hi, how are you doing? It generates a response and it sends it back. That back and forth is over an API. Now, when I send that letter to OpenAI, I need to include an API key. That API key is essentially me validating who I am and do I have enough money in my account, right? Because they're not going to do all that work on their end if we haven't paid. So, that's where the API comes in. It's you validating your API request saying, "Hey, I am who I am. Here's proof. Do the work." Right? That was API in a nutshell. And that idea of APIs and connecting accounts is essentially how all of this works. Okay? So next step is memory in tools. You saw us talk to OpenAI. But if I say hey, my name is Chase, right? And then I say and then I follow up and I say, "What's my name?" You'll see I don't have access to your personal information, so I don't know your name. Why doesn't it know my name? Well, because it doesn't have memory, right? So we're just going to hit plus here. And over here on the right, what do you see? We see all our memory options. Now, for beginners, we're just going to do simple memory. But like all the things you'll see today, the the waters are pretty deep, and you can go all the way into databases, but we're not going to worry about that. We're just going to do simple memory. And it says context window length, and we're just going to keep it at five. And that means it's going to remember our last five messages. Okay. Next up is tools. Now, what makes an AI agent an AI agent? An AI agent is essentially what we have here. So, think of our, you know, little mini chat GBT, but it can do things on our behalf, right? It can send emails. It can check our Google Drive. It can check the calendar. It can go on the website. It can actually do a number of things. And the things it can do are the tools. But we need to attach the tools that we want the AI agent to work with, right? And they can be virtually anything. So if I hit plus here, what do I see on the right? I see all the tools available to me. It's a lot of tools. Autobuilt ones. And so you can actually do tools that aren't on this list, but that's a lesson for another day. But let's say I wanted to do Gmail. Okay. I just click Gmail and then you see here the module comes up with all the potential settings. So in this case I need to connect my account. Again I would do create new credentials and I would follow the documentation of how to do it right. I'm going to assume you can read those directions. That way this whole video isn't us connecting accounts. But from there it's like okay well what do you want it to do? Well I want to what resource do I want? Well I want a message. And what do I want it to do? I want it to send a message. Who do I want the message to go to? What do I want the subject to be? And what I want the message itself to be. Now, we could quote unquote hardcode these things. So, I could have it go to my email. If I put chase aai at chasehanigan.com, every time it uses this tool, it will only send it to that person, right? And the subject could be hi and the message could be what's up. If that's how you set it up, then it's only going to be able to do those things every single time. But who the heck wants that? I want this thing to be dynamic. I want to be able to talk to it in a conversation and have it quote unquote intelligently figure out, oh, this is who it should go to, this is what the subject should be, and this is what the message should be. Right? If I say, hey, send an email to Chase, tell him what's up, you know, ask him what he's doing tomorrow, I want the AI to be able to take what I just said to it and be like, okay, well, the subject should be, "Hey, what are you doing tomorrow?" And the message should be, "How's it going, Chase?" You know, wanted to see what you're doing tomorrow, right? I wanted to infer things like a real human being. Well, to do that, super easy. You see these stars right here? Boom. Boom. That is now defined automatically by the model. And this is one of the most important and powerful, you know, features of using these AI systems, right? It will now intelligently figure out who what the subject should be and what the message should be, right? I don't have to explicitly say that, right? So now I've added that tool and let's actually see it in action. So, let's open up our chat window and we're going to say send an email to chase aaichanigan.com. Now, as an aside, if I were to add another tool that included a database of say all the people I knew their names and their emails, I could just always tell it, hey, when I tell you to go send an email to Chase, go to that database and look up his email so I don't have to tell you that. But we haven't set that up. So, I'm saying send an email to Chase asking what's up and see if he can hang out tomorrow or something, right? So, I send that message and we will see the AI system in action. You see how it's hitting the chat model and it hit the Gmail message and it says it did it. All right, it says it sent the message, but let's see if it actually worked. So, here's the email it actually sent. Hey, Chase. Just wanted to check in and see what's up. Are you free to hang out tomorrow sometime soon? Let me know. Cheers. Right. It did what we said. It inferred what the message actually sound like and it gave us a title. Now, obviously, um, we could clean that up a bit, but that's kind of the AI system in action. And that sort of logic can be extrapolated to any tool we give it, right? We could continue adding more and more tools, right? I can add a perplexity tool. That's like AI Google. Again, what would I want it to search for? I would let the AI describe it, right? I could add things like my Google Drive, right? Same thing. What drive should it find? I want the AI to figure it out. What should the input data field name? Let the AI figure it out, right? We can continue doing this on and on and on. And what you should start to see is like, you know, I could do things like GitHub too, like all these things. And again, every time I click these little stars, that's the AI is going to be able to figure things out. So, what did I just show you? I showed you how to essentially set up an AI agent. I showed you how you set up the chat model and then how the tools work, how we connect them and then how AI plays into their actual ex execution and that ability for AI to infer what we want and intelligently fill out certain forms. That's the power of these AI systems. Now, the last thing I'm going to talk about when it comes to AI agents specifically is the system message, which is a very important thing you need to understand. Now, if I go down here to options and I go to system message, you'll see it just says, "You are a helpful assistant." And I'll actually make this a little bigger. First of all, what is a system message? Well, a system message is the internal set of instructions that dictates the logic and essentially like the personality of your AI agent. Right now, it's, you know, MMO. It's like what it does is it just says like, "Hey, I'm a helpful assistant." It takes in your prompt, but it's operating under these instructions. Every AI system has a system prompt. You don't see it. It's in the background. Chat GBD has it. Claude has it. They all have it. But this is where you would dictate how exactly you want this AI agent to sound to work. And so if I had a very complicated AI agent with a number of different tools, well, this would be a very, very long system prompt. As an example, here's an AI automation that has a very complicated system problem. We have a number of AI systems in here. But let's look at one for example right here. What am I looking at? This is an AI system that creates content ideas for me. And what I'm about to show you is that system prompt. And the system prompt is everything here. And you see it's very very detailed and very very complicated because I wanted to do a specific thing. I wanted to create content outlines for me. So I'm very detailed about title requirements, hook requirements, storyline requirements, how I want it to sound, right? What I want the input to look like. All that to say is you can get as specific as you want with these system prompts and have it do anything. Right? We just saw it doing emails. Well, I could give this examples of my own email writing, you know, and show it and say, "Hey, I want you to write emails like me. Here's examples of five of my emails. Here's how I want you to sign them off. I don't want them to be any longer with this. I want it to always start with this line. Hey, you have all these tools. You have these 30 tools attached to you. Here's how I want you to use them. Here's when you shouldn't use them." Right? All of that goes here in the system message. Which is to say, a lot of the power and a lot of the efficacy of the AI systems you've built will be a function of how strong your system messages are. Now, luckily for you, you know who's really good at system messages? AI. So, I will often times take screenshots and bring it to something like chatblot and say, "Hey, help me with a system message for this system I'm trying to create. Like, this is the output I want." Now, in the last 10 minutes, we actually hit on a ton system messages. AI agents, APIs, how to connect accounts, how to create AI agents, and how that all fits together. Let's spend the last part of this video talking about how you build your unique workflow, right? I can show you a bunch of examples, but chances are you have a particular problem that you want to solve. What should your general workflow be? What should the general framework be for creating these things? Well, step one, like anything, is going to be leaning on AI. So my AI of choice when it comes to sort of ideulating these different agents in automations is going to be Plexity. I really like Perplexity because like I said, it's essentially AI Google and it will actually search live data for me on the web like YouTube and stuff. And so what I suggest is when you want to create a certain agent or system, go to something like Perplexity, describe it in depth and see if anyone has already done something similar. So let's say I wanted to create an AI agent in Naden that was all about helping me manage my email inbox. I put that here inside of Perplexity. And what it's going to do is it's going to search all over the web, namely and it in itself in YouTube to find that exact thing. And what I'm going to show you now is how you can use these templates that people have already used to build your own templates, right? We're actually going to kind of use their work as our foundation. So this first one that comes up, Gmail manager. So if I click on this, what you will see is it brings us back to the NAND site. So, pro tip in NADN. If you come up here where it says product and go to templates, there is actually a giant automation template library, almost 7,000 automations that are pre-built that you can download and start using right away. And so, this can help you when it comes time to build whatever it is you want to build. So, let's say this Gmail AI email manager, right? This guy actually wrote quite a bit about it. This this looks like it could be a pretty solid automation. How do I actually use it for myself? Well, I'm just going to go to use for free. And you have a ton of options, right? You can import the template to the workspace. But something that's super easy is you can just copy template to clipboard, right? I come back inside of my Nad workflow and I literally just paste this in here. And look at that. That agent is now mine, right? We just created that in two seconds. Now, you'll notice all these red dots cuz they're not connected. All I have to do now is click on these and then connect my account. If you already have a credential, it'll automatically do it. But you see that? That's as easy as it is to essentially find templates online and use them for yourself, which can be super useful. Now, the last thing I want to talk about is troubleshooting because I think troubleshooting is knowing how to properly troubleshoot is actually one of the most important skills you can have and one most people don't have. Instead, they usually just throw their hands up in the air and then, you know, they just kind of give up. But if you know how to troubleshoot, frankly, you can build anything because the AI systems like Claude and Gemini are getting so good when it comes to helping you work through certain end workflows, which means you can build whatever you want. So, what do we do when something goes wrong? How do we actually solve this problem? So, let's go back to this big automation as example. I had an error here. Okay. Now, over time, you'll get enough experience to be able to just go in here and figure out what exactly went wrong. But that's not always obvious, especially when you're just getting started. So, what should you do? Well, it's kind of a multi-part process. So, what you want to do is you first want to find an AI that you're comfortable with. And for me, that is Gemini and Claude. And so, what I'm going to do at first is I'm going to give it full context of what's going wrong with my particular automation. And so to do that, what I want to do is I want to download the code for the automation. So what do I mean download the code? Remember this is a no code platform, but all these visuals are just an interface essentially for code. There's a bunch of code going on down here. So I can just go ahead come here to the top right and the three buttons. I can go to download and you'll see here it just downloaded the code for this agent. I'm then going to go to Gemini, go to claude, go to chatgpt, and I'm then going to put that code in there. So, I literally just paste it in. The next thing you're going to do is give AI the big picture context. What do I mean by that? I've given it the code. Now, I'm going to explain to the AI, hey, this is what I actually want to do with my system. Here's the data I start with. Here's my end goal. This shouldn't take more than a couple sentences. Also, feel free to just use voice. Like, what's the point of this automation? What are you actually trying to do? Okay. Next thing we're going to do is we go back to where we're getting our error. I will then go into the module that has the problem and I'm going to do two things. One, I'm going to copy all this errors, all these error messages, right? Come up right here. Just click copy that. Next, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a screenshot of this page itself. I then go back to the AI system. I'll then say, "Hey, error message." I paste that in there. I then paste in the screenshot. Okay? And then I tell it what I think is going wrong in that module. So to sum that up again, I first give it all the code, right? And the big picture context. Here's everything that's going with my workflow. I then give it this specific error message. I give it a screenshot of the module in question. And then I give it a brief explanation of what that module was trying to do. What have I done by doing this? I have given AI what it lacks. AI lacks context. You on the other hand as a human being you have unlimited context. You understand everything that's happening like theoretically in the system what you're actually trying to do. The AI is extremely smart. It's smarter than you when it comes to coding and all these like intricacies, but it doesn't understand context. It doesn't know what you're actually trying to do. So remember what your job is in this sort of AI human relationship as when it comes to this stuff. That's to provide context. And by troubleshooting like this, giving it as much context as possible, you can solve virtually any problem. I guarantee you. Now, you're going to give it this. It's going to come back with a potential fix. You're going to try the fix. It may or may not work at first. If it doesn't work, you just repeat the last half, right? Put the error message back in. Add another screenshot and a short explanation. You don't have to do the big context more than once. It it understands that moving forward. But by doing that, that's how you're able to solve problems and troubleshoot. And frankly, if you know how to troubleshoot, you can kind of do anything inside of Nadn because people don't know how to troubleshoot. They just know how to copy paste templates and that's pretty much it. And that is actually where I'm going to leave you for this NAN essentials because while we burn through that and you might not think we actually touched on a lot, we touched on quite a bit. Just from this video, you know how to do the following. You understand what the hosting situation is, self-hosted versus localhosted versus cloud hosting. You understand how to set up an AI agent. You understand what a system prompt is. You understand how to connect a chat model, how to connect simple memory, and you understand the AI agent external tool API dynamic, right? You also know how to find whatever template you want out there on the internet and start using it for yourself. And lastly, and arguably most importantly, you now know how to troubleshoot what error, whatever errors you run into, which means you can now start going out there and experimenting. Start experimenting and not feel like you're going to instantly hit a roadblock and have to give up, right? You now have enough tools to get started. Now, like I said, we ran through that. I alluded to in the intro that there's 5, six, seven hour masterclass courses out there. I myself have a 5-hour one which goes deep into kind of everything we've talked about and more advanced topics like rag and also how you would sell these sort of things. So links above definitely check that out. And then lastly, don't forget about the school resources. They're down below. Tons of free resources in the school including more guides and templates. And there are some paid communities like the Chase AI Plus if you're someone who wants to start, you know, actually making this a profession like learning how to sell these things. So definitely check it out. Let me know what you thought about this one. And as always, I'll see you guys around.

=== The MCP Problem ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEznT-qXiA4

Did we overhype MCP? MCP was launched a year ago and it was heralded as the new standard protocol for how AI agents and large language models interact with external systems. The hype was insane, but if you're someone who's been using MCP in production level AI systems since then, you understand it has a lot of limitations. And this week, Anthropic released an article talking about those limitations. namely the extreme heavy token load MCP servers have on AI Asian systems to the point where they start to break down. In this video, we are going to dive into that article by anthropic so you can understand what these token limitations really are, how you can fix them, and what it means for you, an actual AI practitioner, moving forward if you still want to use MCP. So, this is the article I alluded to. It's called Code Execution with MCP. It was published on the 4th, and I'll put a link to it down below so you can follow along. Now, this article talks about two things in particular. One, the issues with MCP, namely token bloat when we have multiple MCP servers attached to one agent. The second thing it talks about is what we can actually do about it, which hint has to do with code execution. Now, as a very brief reminder, what is MCP? Well, first of all, it stands for model context protocol, and it's essentially a way for large language models and AI agents to deal with external systems. Normally, we do that with API calls. What you see here is both a traditional AI agent in the green and an MCP agent in the red. They are both focused on using fire crawl. Firecrawl is a web app. It's a tool that lets us scrape the internet. And in this case, there are five firecrawl tools, right? We have the ability to map websites, scrape websites, crawl websites, extract websites, and get the status. Right? Fire crawl five tools. Traditionally, I would attach these to my AI agent as individual tools. Right? We have all five here. And I would have a description inside the system prompt saying this is what each tool does, right? The problem is a I have to manually connect every single tool. And then b inside of each tool and they're mirrored down here. I need to go inside there and I need to set up everything, right? I need to set up the schema. I need to set up the API key. I need to set up the description. There's like a ton of manual work required to set up each tool. Now compare that to MCP. Instead of having five tools right here and I have to understand how each of them works exactly, I instead just have a list tools and an execute tools option. Right? This means that all the fire crawl tools are listed here in the list tools option. Using MCP, my AI agent can now just go to the list tools server and say, "Hey, I want to use firecrawl. I've come to the firecrawl service. You tell me all the tools you have available and you tell me exactly how to use them. I, as the user, don't even need to know how that works. I don't need to set up anything. I'm just telling him to get all that information from MCP. And once it has all these tool descriptions and schemas at its disposal, it can then use execute tools to execute said tool. Again, this makes it way simpler for you, the end user, to use complicated tools like this. Right? Before you really need to understand how each and every one of them functions, set it all up. Now connect it to the MCP server and let your agent go forth and conquer. Right? That's what MCP really buys you as the end practitioner of these agents. So back to this article, what exactly is the problem? Again, I kind of understand MCP. We're talking about excessive token usage. How excessive don't we have great huge context windows? Sometimes a million tokens large if I'm using something like Gemini. Well, the answer is yes, but not exactly. So here I am inside of Claude code and this is where I want to demonstrate sort of this token bloat idea. So right now I have my AI agent that has three MCP servers attached to it. It has an NADN MCP server that you've seen me use in previous videos. It has a Playright MCP server which uses for browser automation and then we have a GitHub MCP. Only three MCP servers. Okay. And we're using Sonnet 4.5 which has a token a context window of 200,000 tokens. Okay, we have not done anything with this AI agent yet. It has we haven't given it a conversation. We haven't told it to do jack yet. If I bring up the context window right here, what do we see? We see that without us having done a single thing, we have already used 66% of our context window. And of that 66%, half of that is coming from MCP tools. That's a problem. First of all, why is the MCP tools taking up so much space? Well, if you look here, you see how I scroll down? These are all the tools associated with those MCP servers. Remember the firewall one I showed you how it was five? Well, these MCP servers have way more than five tools, and each of those have a certain amount of tokens associated with them. You put that all together and a third of our context window has already been eaten up just by essentially laying out all these MCP servers and their tools for the agent. And now you're probably saying, "Okay, sure. 2/3 of the context window has been eaten up. I still got a third left. We're good, right?" H not exactly. There has been a number of studies done on what is called context rot. Context rot essentially means that your first 10,000 tokens are not the same as your last 10,000 tokens. Namely, those first 10,000 tokens work way better than the last 10,000. That also applies for the first 20 and the last 20, the first 100,000 and the last 100,000. The more context window, the more of that window that's eaten up, the less effective these AI agents tend to be. Now, there's no specific number at which, hey, every time at 100,000 tokens, we fall off a cliff. It depends a on the model and b what we are having the model do. If it's rather complex task that we are giving it, it tends to fall off even quicker. All that to say is, hey, we're kind of behind the eightball and we haven't even started because of this MCP bloat, right? A third of our window is already gone. And why exactly is that happening? Well, it's because how MCP tools actually work. As stated here, most MCP clients load all tool definitions up front directly into the context, exposing them to the model using a direct tool calling syntax. That is exactly what you saw here, right? see all these tools, see all those tokens, it's all getting loaded up front, even if we don't use 99% of them. And so that's the problem with MCP. We can't effectively use multiple MCP servers within one AI agent, right? It just overloads the LLM. And if you want an even deeper illustration of that, they have a really cool graphic here inside the article itself showing how these tools and tool lists keep getting bounced around the system every time we're having to do anything. So that brings us to point two, which is what the heck can we actually do about this, right? If I can't use MCP as I normally would, what are my options? Do I just throw my hands up in the air and give up on MCP entirely? No. So what Anthropic suggests, and we should listen to Anthropic because remember they essentially invented MCP and that is to present MCP servers as code APIs rather than direct tool calls. They tell us that the agent can actually write code to interact with the MCP servers. This means the agent can just load the tools they need when they need them, right? It doesn't always need all the information about every tool available at all times which causes that token bloat. Anthropic goes on to tell us that there's a number of ways to do this. Mainly, we can use some sort of file tree structure or use something like cloud skills. Now, this can be kind of confusing. So, let's talk about like what this actually means for you. So, like I said, Enthropic suggests doing sort of a file tree system. The kind of analogy I like to use is essentially like a normal MCP server. The way we're normally doing it is imagine traditionally for MCP we're giving the AI agent this giant dictionary and inside of that dictionary is what you see here every single tool all the description all the schema and obviously that is a ton of read that's a ton of tokens but we give it to our agent we say hey never let go of that dictionary you're going to look at that dictionary anytime you do something suggests we then take that dictionary right we chop it up into a thousand different books each corresponding to a specific tool and we go put it next door and we create this library. Now, this is where the file system comes in. And you can see it kind of visually depicted here, right right at the top of the screen. That file system is essentially a map for the AI system saying, "Hey, if you need something, here's what's in the library next door. Here's where you can find the stuff. Go there and get what you need when you need it. I don't always need you to hold on to every single book and just have that take up your context window. Just don't do that at all. Just get what you need when you need it. And in fact, according to the article, this brings down the token usage by like 99%. Right? So, this essentially solves the issue of the token blow while we are still able to actually use all the MCP features. And you can see them talking about that here, right? The agent discovers tools by exploring the file system. You list the available servers, right? This reduces the token usage from 150,000 tokens to 2,000 tokens. And here inside of my file system, you can see here on the left, MCP file system, the servers, you have GitHub, NAND, play, write, and then it even has like an example usage file right here for the agent to look at and understand what it needs to do, right? And once it finds the tool it needs, it can then execute it and write code on the fly based on those scripts. And again, if all that was super confusing, just understand we now are transitioning to a use tools when you need them approach versus the traditional MCP approach, which is you have everything all the time, right? It just it's too heavy. And if you doubt Anthropic, Cloudflare themselves published similar findings. You can find the link here. And they essentially have the same exact idea. Now, Anthropic goes on to talk about the benefits of this code execution style and essentially is, hey, AI is really good at executing code and writing code. Why don't we just lean on that? And from there, they go on for another few paragraphs basically showing different examples of what this would look like in the real world. And they even then reference Claude skills, which is a great way to kind of bring in this sort of scripting into something like Cloud Code. Now, what does this actually mean? And I think Enthropic again does a great job here of kind of talking about like the pros and cons, okay? Because if we go back to this, right, this agent right here, this singular MCP, firecol MCP agent, is this going to suffer from bloat? Is this going to suffer from context rot? Probably not. A because it has a very small amount of tools, but even if you quadruple these tools, it's still just one MCP server. And the reality is, if you're using an AI system with one, maybe two MCP servers, even if they are heavy, you can get away with that. We saw tons of videos I've done in the past using the NAN MCP server to great effect. We had no issues there. But if you want to create an AI system that uses multiple MCPs, right, and has an extreme amount of potential tools at its disposal, this traditional system that everyone has been using in the past will not cut it. Right? This it's just like you saw here. This was just three MCP servers and a third of our context window is gone. And again, we're always fighting against the invisible context rot, which is also really, really hard to quantify. Like I said, there's no exact token number where it's like, up, it's starting to suck. You just don't know, right? It's extremely variable. And so, you don't want to be operating in these gray areas for too long. But this code execution system does introduce complexity and that can't just be handwaved away, right? We are having it write code. We having it execute code. we're doing extra steps to send it to that room next door to check take a look at the library, right? All that introduces complexity. All that introduces another link in the chain that can be broken and have things go wrong. So, you as the user have choices to make. How complex do you want your system to be? How many MCP servers do you really need? And based on those answers, that will dictate whether you continue to use MCP like we've normally used or if you need to start using some sort of file system and doing the code execution as shown in the article. So in summary, is MCP dead? No, definitely not. But is MCP the silver bullet? It kind of was, you know, hyped up to be in certain circles also no. Right? Just like any tool, you need to know what you're actually trying to accomplish and like what your restraints are. How flexible can you be? How many MCP servers do you really need? Right? You just need to approach things intelligently, right? You can't just blindly use MCP in a certain context every single time anymore. So, hopefully this video helped um kind of explain this article for you. Watch out for more videos coming out with like Claude Skills where we kind of show how exactly this really would work in in a real life example. Um, and as always, check out all the free resources in my school down below.

=== One Template. Infinite UGC Ads. (n8n + Sora 2 Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iZbwuVBMGk

Your AI UGC ads don't fail because you have the wrong tools. It's because you have no system. You go into the process completely blind. You maybe ask chat GPT help for some prompts and then you throw your hands up in the air when nothing converts. But we are going to fix that in today's video as I give you a complete AI system that's able to take ads that are already winning in your niche and turn them into templates that you can use with your product and your specific brand messaging. This means no more starting from scratch, no more guessing what the ads look like, which means you can pump out way more highquality content, but it's still your product. By using this system and following this framework I'm about to show you, we're able to get away from the AI slot that is plaguing the internet and actually create some AI UGC ads that can convert for you. >> I went to Costco over the weekend and I got Mr. Hyde's dual tub. No, this is for energy. So, I'm one to like not like to try things that like make you jittery. This is clean energy. And it's cool because like one side I'll show you. So, like one side is strawberry. So, how do we create UGC videos just like that using AI? That's what this video is all about today. So, in order to do that, we're going to start this video off with a highle overview of how the system actually works from beginning to end before we do a deep dive on everything. And step one is how do we even find ads like you just saw in the first place? We need to identify those. And we're going to do that using the Meta ad library. This is essentially a free website that allows you to search all the ads in whatever niche you want going on on Meta's platforms, Facebook, Instagram, whatever. Once we find an ad we like, we then put it inside of Air Table and we kick off this entire automation. This automation then analyzes that video using Gemini. It does an extremely detailed analysis like you can see here, right? Cinematography, editing style, what the characters doing, was there jump cuts, what was the actual like audio, everything. We get everything from here. That then gives us this which you see here on the right. Essentially a giant template of that video. From there, we then send that video analysis to another LLM, which is the prompt generator. Now, this is where we feed it not only the analysis from the ad, but also some other information, including our brand messaging and also like what do we want our character look to look like? Cuz I'm going to show you in this video, too, how we can get consistent Sora 2 characters that are hyper realistic, even though Sora 2 won't let you generate those. And just like before, a very detailed system prompt because this is us telling AI, "Hey, you've seen the template we like. Now I want you to change it slightly. I want you to put our product in there and I want our specific brand messaging, right? Change the dialogue, change the product, but kind of keep everything else the same. And it gets more complicated than that, too, right? Think of sort of the logistical stuff with editing, right? Sora 2 can do 10 second, 12C, 15-second videos. How do we break it down? If the ad we liked was 30 seconds, 45 seconds, how do we let it know how to intelligently like cut, you know, scene one and scene two and do all that? All that logic is set here, right? There's a lot that goes into creating these prompts. And the output is what you see here on the right, which are multiple prompts that we can then use inside of Sora 2 to create our videos. Those prompts get pushed up to Air Table like you see here. And then I can see the entire prompt. And at this point, I can copy and paste it and put it into Sora 2 and have it created. Now, why did I not automate the actual video generation piece even though every video you'll see online shows like the actual video content being created as well. Two big reasons. One, there's a number of different sources where you can create Sora 2 videos. In this case, you see Kai AI and you also have Sora 2 as well, right? You can straight up go on the web app and do it essentially for free. The other thing is, as we'll talk about later, is AI content creation is extremely iterative. Right? If you expect to do one prompt, one video, and it's going to be what you want it to be, you're going to be in for a very bad time. Okay? Chances are, even with these top tier prompts, you're going to have to do it a couple times and edit it a little bit to get what you like. That's just the name of the game. So, that's why that process isn't automated in order to give you more control. So, that's the big picture rundown. Identify a winning ad, analyze ad, put our product and product messaging into it, and then produce the prompts for us. That's what we're doing today. Now, what we're going to do now is we're going to talk about what you need to do to set all this up. And there's a few things. One, we're going to knock out your brand messaging. Two, I'm going to show you how to create consistent characters inside of Sor 2, so you can have the same person show up in all your videos. And then three, we're going to go through everything I talked about, right? How does the meta ad library work? How do I set up these specific NAND modules? Everything will be explained to you so you can recreate this yourself. So, the first thing we're going to do is we are going to get your brand messaging all in place. Now, I know you already have your brand message and what you want to talk about, which is great. We're just using this custom GPT in order to tailor that to a system prompt for a large language model. Now, how do you get to this custom GPT? A link to it is in the free school. Just go down to the comments. You can find it there alongside the NDN template. Now, the system prompt and the instructions for this custom GBT are pretty detailed because we're really trying to get your brand message down pat. It's going to ask you everything like what are you about, what are your pillars, what are your target consumers, what are their pain points, right? What sort of language do you use? What does your product actually look like? You'll take images as well. This is what allows us to like go from some charlatan that's just copying other people's ads and instead copying it just in spirit, but it's our message and our product, right? And I think that's a pretty important distinction. And so go to the link answered questions and it's going to give you a system prompt. Now that system prompt will look something like this, right? Your product name, what you're about, the messaging, blah blah blah, all this stuff. Okay? And then you're going to go into Air Table. There will also be a link to the Air Table template inside of the NAND template. So you just follow that, click it, copy the base, and you're going to put inside here underneath your product message. Now, why didn't I hardcode this into the automation itself? Well, because I wanted to give you more flexibility and control, right? Instead of only being able to do one product for each automation, now every single time you run an ad, you can change it up, right? Perhaps you want different products, different messaging, whatever. This is your place to play around with it. And speaking of Air Table, a quick overview of what this is. This is where we are going to put in our um ad URL, obviously, product messages, the character, this is where all the prompts are going to populate that are created for us. And then there's a little star button that lets the automation even run. Now, speaking of characters, this is where you are going to put your actual character description. Now, there's two ways you can do this. Either you can painstakingly describe whatever character you want the AI to create, or we can create a consistent character that will show up through every scene in our ad and follow on ads. How do we do that? Well, we're going to do that using Sora 2's cameo mode. But, Chase, I can't have it create realistic human people inside of Sora 2. Let me show you how. So, the way we are able to create a realistic cameo character that we can use over and over inside of Sor 2 is like this. You're going to go to Sor 2. You're going to go onto the web app. You can do this on the phone app as well. And you're going to create a new prompt, right? A new video. And so, you'll see here I just said, "Hey, scene girl in the car, UC style, character description, mid20s American female speaks with a warm, friendly tone, blah blah blah blah." However you want her to look and sound, put her in here and then just create the video. So that prompt created this video, this character >> moments feel more intentional, like taking five minutes in the car to breathe, reset. >> So if I like what was created, all I'm going to do is I'm going to come up, >> stop talking. I'm come up to the top right to the three buttons, three little dots up here, and you're going to do create character, right? You can trim it however you want. It doesn't really matter. Just get her talking in the voice somewhere. Once you do that, you'll come to this screen. You're just going to give it whatever username you want. In my case, it was chasegpt_1. And you're all set. And now what I'm able to do is I can then reference at chasegpt_1 as the character in any of my prompts. And it's going to use that girl. And that is how you're able to do character consistency throughout sore to ads, even when you go from prompt to prompt to prompt. So, we've knocked out our product messaging. We have our consistent character. Now, let me show you how to actually find those ads inside of meta ad library. So, all you're going to do is you're going to Google meta ad library. It's going to take you to this page and we're just going to search for ads, right? You can break it down by category. I'm just going to do all ads. And then you can search either by keyword or by advertiser. So, you can put specific brands that you want. In this case, we're going to do pre-workout. And like you saw with that original video at the beginning, um that was a pre-workout thing. So, that's going to be kind of our case study, right? We're going to have our own fake pre-workout product that we're going to try to, you know, create an ad for using that first one as inspiration. So, what it's going to show you is it's going to show you in this case 2100 results. These are all active ads that fall under that keyword and they're sorted by date. You know, the latest posted is what you see up front. So, these are all ads that were posted today and right it shows you the platform they're on, right? Instagram, right? Messenger, all this stuff. Now, how do we find ones that are quote unquote winners? Because there's not necessarily a, you know, listed, you know, KPI or something that says that. Well, it's sorted by date. So, what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to find older ads. Think ads that have at least been running for four or six weeks because if they've been running for a long time, chances are they're actually printing money for whoever who put them up, right? They're not going to keep an ad up there for 3 months that does $0. So, you want to search some for something that's a little bit older and also that you like, right? A lot of this comes down, especially in AI content creation in general, is your taste, right? Do you have good taste? I mean, like that really can't be taught. Um, so it's one part a, this has been around for a while, but also part, can you identify things that actually speak to you and if it's your product and it's your market, you should be able to identify that. And so you're going to use keep scroll down, scroll down, scroll down, scroll down, scroll down. Now, let's say you wanted to use this ad as an example. So obviously you can watch the video if you click on it there. If I click see ad details, it'll pull up some more information. I can click these top three buttons on the right, go to copy ad link. You're then going to open a new tab, paste in that link, and you'll see a page like this with the actual ad. Next thing you're going to do is you're going to rightclick on the ad, and you're going to go to inspect. Now, this might be super laggy for some of you, and that's one of the reasons why we do this all in a separate tab, but I want you to go to network. You're then going to click on the ad, the video, and you're going to play it. >> I know it's pathetic to admit, but I was hooked on pre-work. Now, once that played, which you should have noticed was this media thing pop up. Okay. Now, once you click on this media one, right, it'll have a little green play button. I want you to right click on it. You're going to go to copy. You're going to do copy URL. That is the URL of the video. And if you need to confirm, just open another tab, paste it in there. >> I know it's pathetic to admit, >> and you'll see it. Okay. So again, right click on the ad, go to inspect, go to network, play the ad, and then look for this media thing to come up. Kind of convoluted. There are third party apps that allow you to download it, but this lets you download it without having to have some rando Google extension having access to your uh browser. So that's how you do it. So now we have this ad and all you're going to do is you're going to copy it. You're going to go inside Air Table and then you're going to paste it inside the original ad URL. And so I've pasted it in there and I brought down my product message in my character. Now you're pretty much done. All you need to do now is run the automation. So all you're going to do is you're going to click this start button. Once you click the start button, you'll get this message up top that says workflow was started. And now the NAND workflow is working in the background. Now as this is running, I want to show you how to set up this workflow. Again, template inside the free school. Go there. Just search for like the name of this video and you'll find it there. What you are going to need to edit is going to be a workflow production workflow URL. So, I want you to click inside the web hook. You're going to go to production URL. You're going to copy this. Also, make sure this is set to active and save. Go back inside uh generate prompts. You're going to go to edit field and you see where this URL is for me. You're going to paste in your own production web hook URL that you just copied. Now when I give you this as a template it will say like insert or copy your URL here just do that right so copy production URL come back to here paste it in here right it'll be your web hook URL and then it'll have the question mark don't override the question mark then record ID right once you do that and it's active every time you hit that button it will run the automation so now if we take a look at the executions you can see that it's running for about 2 minutes expect these to take you know anywhere from you know a minute to 3 minutes kind of just depends on the length of the video. But as a recap, what's happening? It's getting that information that we already posted. It's analyzing that video and then it's going to generate those prompts for us. Now, as for what you need to edit, right, I showed you what to change in the web hook. If we go inside here on Air Table, do you need to change anything? You just need to make sure your credentials are connected and that you have it selected to the correct base and the correct table. Everything else is set up for you in terms of the analyze video. This Gemini node, if you haven't ever set up uh Gemini before, you can get a free API key. Just follow the documentation. I'll tell you exactly how to do that. But again, nothing else you need to change. This is all set up for you. That being said, I suggest you actually read through the system prompt I've created and again, edit as you see fit. As with all my automations, do you need to edit anything for the last bit, the prompt generator? No. Again, it's pulling in the uh all the information from the previous node, right? The ad breakdown and then from air table, right? It's getting that product message and the character. So, you don't need to touch that. And there's nothing you need to touch in the system prompt as well. In fact, guess what it's like for this final one. You don't need to touch anything there either. Just make sure you have the proper token for your Air Table. Again, super easy to set up. Just follow the documentation if you've never connected Air Table to NAND and then have your right base and table. So, this is pretty plug-and-play for you once you download it. So, now let's talk about the actual prompt. So, there's room for up to five scenes. And the scenes can be 10 to 15 seconds. You can add more scenes if you want, but essentially it's trying to intelligently break down, hey, if it was a 30-second video, do I need like two 15-second prompts or do I need three 10-second prompts or maybe I need four 10-second prompts, depending on how it was, you know, sort of cut up. It tries to intelligently do that. And so, the prompt, right, pretty detailed like you can expect. It's going to give you sort of a duration. Now, I suggest when it comes time to actually create the video, you do the longest duration, but it gives you an overview and then it goes through the scenes and it breaks it down by timing, right? So, it gives you the whole overview, cinematography, audio, UGC, critical quality, right? Here's our character, subject performance, dialogue, and then delivery. Now, this is going to be most of the time like a 95% solution. I don't say 100% solution because you should go through each of these kind of painstakingly, right? Because AI video content creation isn't cheap and every video is costing you about like 15 cents, I believe, um, using Kai AI. So, you want to make sure this is right and you want to do it a onceover. Now, the biggest things you want to look for is the dialogue. You know, this is going to be your actual messaging. That's a big thing. And also the general overview, like, is this matching sort of the video that we saw? Now, this prompt is the one that is actually looking to emulate that first video you saw at the beginning, right? Remember the girl in the kitchen with the pre-workout? That's this prompt. And as reference, the product we're using is Max pre-workout explosion. This fake preworkout using Max. And their general product messaging is, hey, we use high quality like ingredients like medicinal doses type thing, right? That's sort of the uh game plan. So, we're trying to recreate that first video you saw with this using this prompt. And let me show you what it created. >> Costco over the weekend and I got max pre-workout. Now, this is clinically dosed. So, I'm one to not like formulas that hide ingredient. This shows you everything. And it's cool because every ingredient is at the research dose. See? >> So, actually pretty solid. Obviously, last second it kind of like started going into prompt number two. Um, but that's something you would edit in post-production. Other things I would say would be, hey, like the back of the uh product doesn't look great, right? The text could use some work, but we never actually supplied it with the back of the product. So, it kind of came up with this all on its own, but it was able to do a pretty good job of the product. And in general, >> let's go over the weekend. I got >> it does sort of follow that first video you saw, including like the tapping. Is it a one for one recreation? No. But in spirit, it does kind of follow that UGC feel of the original ad that we wanted to create. And again, you see this is the same woman that we created in Sora 2. It's not overly glossy. It's not like super AI like it. This could pass for like a true UGC ad. And it was essentially a oneshot with that prompt. And so you saw the ad that it created, but how do we actually create it, right? Where do we take this prompt? I kind of alluded to this earlier in the video. And there's sort of there's a number of places where you can create Sora 2 videos. My suggestion is using Kai.ai because I think they're very cheap, right? Kai.ai. They use a credit system. If you just go up to AI video API, Sora 2, you'll find it here. Now, you also have the ability to just go to the Soru app, right? The actual web app or even the phone app, right? And do it for free. But it's going to have the watermark. Kai API gets rid of the watermark, which is nice. And again, the price is 15 seconds per 10-second video. you know, and the cost is a big thing. We can't like just discard that because what you saw that ad was pretty good, but chances are you're going to have to run the same ad even with the same prompt multiple times before you get something you want. And something people are going to ask is like, well, why don't we just do Sor 2 Pro storyboard and I can break down the scenes more explicitly here. Well, because it's a $135 per video and if I need to run this a bunch of times, I would rather have the slightly lower quality cost and then just upscale it later with something like Topaz or really nail it down on something cheap right here and then go to storyboard. I don't suggest iterating with something like storyboard or store or so to pro unless you just have that much money to throw at it, right? I think for most people it makes more economic sense to start a little bit cheaper and then iterate. But yeah, do Kai AI, do Sora 2, abuse Sore 2's free uh generations as much as possible. And I would say come somewhere like Kai, which is cheaper than almost anything else on the market. I actually don't know how they make money with it. And again, Kai, you can just remove the watermark and then make sure you're in portrait mode if you're doing something for social media. And I suggest always doing 15 seconds, even if the LLM suggests 10. It gives you it stops it from sort of like cutting off. Our system's also able to do solid B-roll, like you'll see here. I've been loving the Max pre-workout explosion because every ingredient is at the clinical dose, not the pixie dusted amounts hiding in proprietary blends. Complete transparency means you know exactly what's fueling your workout. >> And that B-roll you just saw the prompt for that was based on this ad that I'm about to show you now. Like I like this section of the ad with this B-roll they did. >> I've been loving the Proeps Mr. Hyde signature dual tub because there's two different flavors which you can also combine to make a third flavor. It's so enjoy. So, like you saw the first like 8 seconds of that, pretty similar to what you just saw before. Again, what this system does is able to find ads that you like that are working and then essentially replicate them in spirit with your messaging. So, that's the AI system in action. And like you saw with this template, with this framework, you can essentially create infinite UGC ads that are actually based on winners in your niche. No more having to stare at a blank sheet of paper and just hoping you luck your way into a prompt that works. So, as always, let me know in the comments what you thought. All the resources can be found inside of my school. It's down in the comments. Also got the Chase A plus that you can always check out if you're someone who's trying to get into the AI agency space and actually monetize these sorts of AI workflows. And until then, I'll see you guys

=== 10 n8n Nodes You MUST Master ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-l7p3iJbjRQ

I have built hundreds of AI agents and automations inside of NN over the last year. And during that time, I've realized that out of the thousands of nodes available to you, there are really only 10 that form the foundation of any functional workflow. But before I really understood that, I was probably in the same position you are right now, which is chasing over complicated workflows, downloading templates without understanding the fundamentals, which meant it was a huge slog and struggle to actually create my own custom workflows for myself. But once I really internalized how these 10 nodes worked and how I could implement them inside of my own agents, everything flowed much more smoothly. So, in today's video, I'm going to show you what those TED nodes are, how they work, and what they look like inside of functioning workflows. And as a bonus, I'm going to show you how you can get all the agents and automations that you see in today's video for free. So, with that, let's get started. So, here are the 10 nodes that we are going to be talking about split up into three sections. And starting from the bottom, we got our data section. Then, we got triggers. And then up top, which is where we're going to start, is the holy trinity. These are the three nodes that are the rock upon which you are going to build your AI agent church. If you don't understand anything else from this video, I need you to understand these three nodes and what they do. Because if you only knew how to use those, you could honestly create some fairly sophisticated AI agents. I mean, heck, you could do it all, which is the code node, right? That's the kind of power we're talking about here. And you must understand how these work or you'll never be able to build anything. So, starting from the beginning, we got the HTTP request node. Now, what does this do? Why do we care? This node is what allows us to actually talk to things outside of NADN, right? I have this AI automation, this AI agent, and I need data either to go somewhere or I need to pull it. An easy example is like what if you had an automation that dealt with your emails, right? You used Gmail. How does it talk with Gmail? It uses an API. Well, how does that API actually like work? Well, it works inside of an HTTP request module, right? This is the node that lets us talk to things outside of the system, right? And you can very clearly understand why that's so important. Now, I brought up Gmail. You might be saying, "Hey, Chase, like why do I need HTTP request nodes? I have a Gmail node right here, right? If I want to delete a message, I just use this node." Well, I hate to break it to you, but this Gmail node, for all intents and purposes, is just an HTTP request node with a fancy wrapper, right? Everything that's happening here can happen here. And the thing is, while we have the Gmail node and we have the OpenAI node and we have hundreds of nodes inside of here, there's thousands and thousands of thousands of places you may need to push data to or pull data from, which is why you need to know how to do it using an HTTP request node. So that's what it does. How do you use it? So looking inside the HTTP request node, we got a lot going on. Now the big things you want to look for are the method. Do we want to do post or do we want to do get? Those are the two you're going to see the most often. Get means just like it sounds like you're getting data, right? I'm trying to pull data in. Post, I'm pushing data out. URL, where is this going, right? And then things like authentication, query, and header parameters all kind of fall under the same, you know, umbrella. And that's you essentially proving that you are who you say you are, right? Oftent times this requires like an API key, but it always depends on the program you're trying to talk to. Now, here at the bottom, we have the body. Now, if I'm doing something like I'm just trying to download a file and it's a get request, oftentimes I don't need to send a body. But you'll see this very often where we have a bunch of code down here, right? A bunch of JavaScript. And that is essentially our encoded message, right? Everything above this is as if you're sending a letter to that external program saying here's your address. Here's who I am. And the body is the message, the content saying this is the data I want and this is the format in which I want it. Still with me? Now what does this look like in practice? I think it'll make a little more sense. So right here we have an automation that's for creating SOR 2 videos and um I know I tease getting all these templates at the beginning. Spoiler, you can find them all down in the comments. Just head to the free school community. You can find all these templates there and more. But what do you see right here? create VO3 video Kai AI. What is this? This is an HTTP request module. And if I click inside it, you will see everything we've been talking about, right? It's a post method. Why? Because we're telling Kai, hey, make the video for me. This is the URL. I have a header set up for it. And then down here, we have our message, right? If I blow this up, this is the contents of our letter, right? The prompt, the image URL, the model, all that information they need to do their task on our behalf. Now, the obvious question should be, well, how the heck do I know where all this information comes from and where to put it? Well, let's take a look at that. So, we were looking at Kai Aai Sora 2. Well, that's what I'm looking at right here. Now, where this information resides is going to change depending on whatever program it is, right? I'm looking at Kai. It'll be different for something like Google, whatever. What you are searching for is documentation. Oftentimes it will explicitly say documentation API documentation developer documentation. In this case we see both a read me and we see this API right here. And when I see the API, what do we see over here? Well, we see stuff like create task. We see post, right? That should ring some bells. Query task. Create task. Obviously, we want to do a create task because we want to create a video. So I click on that. And then now there's all this information here, right? request parameters, body structure, right? Input parameters. This is basically them giving us the instructions of what we want to do. Now, this is also very confusing and there's two ways you want to approach it when you're confused. The first is to copy this entire page, bring it to your AI of choice and say, "Hey, walk me through this for an HTTP request." The second thing you want to look for is curl. You see this right here, the C URL? If I copy that, I go back here. Remember, we're back on this page. If I come up to the top right, I say import curl. I paste that command in there and I hit import. Look at that. All filled out for me, including the proper URL, the proper setup for the headers, and the proper template for the body. So, that's how you actually approach the scary documentation and actually have it live inside of Naden, right? Look for the curl and then lean on AI to help you. And from here, then it's just a matter of filling it out. Right? I need to put in my specific API key. I need to fix the prompt. All that stuff. But that very quickly is how HTTP request modules work. So the second node we're going to talk about today is our AI agent node. And this is another heavy hitter, right? This one comes into play anytime we need some sort of AI functionality. This is where we hook up a chat model, a memory, our tools. This is where we do the system message. There's a lot going on and it's imperative you understand it. So when we click into it, it doesn't look like there's a lot going on at first, but let's just go down the list. So, first up, source of the prompt, right? Where's it coming from? Usually, it will default to the connected chat trigger node, but it can be anything we want, right? This could be mapped to a Telegram message. This could be mapped to our inbox. This is just the prompt. Like, where is the prompt coming from? Nine times out of 10, this is something that's dynamic and ever changing. Below that, we have require specific output format. We'll go into that more in a little bit, but that's just saying, "Hey, AI, I always want your outputs to follow this template." Right? often times you won't need that but there are cases especially when you're doing something that's in like data transformation where you want it to be templated in a specific manner each time. We also have enable fallback model in case the first one fails. But the most important thing you need to understand is the system message. Now what is the system message? The system message is the internal set of instructions that dictate the logic that the AI agent follows to complete its tasks. So this system message can be anything. It just defaults to a helpful assistant. But this is where I put in things like guard rails. This is where I would specify, hey, you have tools A, B, and C. I want you to use those tools in this manner in these situations. Oh, by the way, this is what these tools do. This is how I want you to sort of speak. This is your tone. This is your cadence. Right? All those internal instructions that you always wanted to reference, they go here, right? Every single AI model has this. Claude has this. Chat GPT has this. Gemini has this. You just don't see it. Right? It's in the background, but this is where you set it. And this is really where you really make your money, right? Like, how come some people's AI agents just do better outputs than others? Well, it's because of the system message, right? They've really massaged it, so it gives us what they want. So, let's take a look at this in action. So, here we have an AI agent module that's doing transcript analysis. So, if I click into this, what do we see? Well, for one, what is the prompt? It's mapped to JSON captions. So that's coming from the previous module where it gets YouTube captions. You'll see we require a specific output format. And so that's where you see the structured output parser here. If I click on that, what do we see? We see a JSON example. So this is just a template where every time that node gives an output, I want it to give me a title, a link, a quick summary, and a deep dive summary. I essentially want its answer broken up into four separate parts. And I want those four parts to look like this. Right? If you ever need that, you do a structured output parser. And then we have the system prompt. Like I said, this can be as detailed or as simple as you want. In this case, I'm telling it, hey, you analyze transcripts. This is what I want them to sound like, right? That's all this is. And you can use AI to help you write system prompts. Now, let's look at another quick example. This is an AI agent that now has tools, right? And if I click into it, you'll see a very robust system prompt that details how I want the tools to be actually used, right? I'm saying, "Hey, you have a number of tools available to you. They're kind of complicated, but these are the specific instances in which you should use them, right? That's how you approach complicated tool use. And you'll also see memory here. Obviously, you can always use simple memory, which is as simple as it sounds, or you can use something more robust where I actually connected it to a Postgress database. So, I get way more bang for my buck when it comes to what the AI agent remembers. So, now let's talk about node number three, the most powerful node, the code node. Now what I want to talk about with this node is really when to employ it because I think that's the problem most people run into especially if they aren't technical right they understand in theory hey I can go to AI it can code stuff for me but like when should I employ this thing if it's so powerful and as an example let's take a look at this right this is a data cleanup automation what we want it to do is we want it to look at files inside of Google Drive look at file IDs inside of our rag system and identify orphans aka what exists inside of Google Drive that doesn't exist in rag or what exists inside of the rag system that doesn't exist inside of the Google drive. That is what this code node does and it's a relatively simple one but it illustrates the point I'm about to make which is code works great in any sort of data transformation context. There are already a ton of data transformation tools inside of naden, right? The merge node, a pen node, split out node. We're going to talk about some soon, but they can't always do exactly what you want. Sometimes the data can get a little hairy, right? Especially when data is coming from a bunch of sources. You're trying to move it left to right and you're trying to parse it in some manner. Those weird clunky data situations is where I have found the most success using the code node. It's essentially your get out of jail free card because remember what is an endn what are all these nodes? It's just code under the hood, right? It's just code that's been put inside a little node and now it's easy for you to understand and manipulate it. This is just us, right, getting under the hood, getting inside the engine and saying, "Hey, I'm coming up with a custom part, right? I need a custom node to do the specific thing. Let's use the code node." Right? So, this is essentially your jack of all trades, also master of all trades that can do anything. Right? So anytime you find that you're trying to manipulate data in some manner and the nodes just aren't working for you, the ones that come with Naden, this is where the code node shines, right? Get out of jail free card. Use it as such. All right, we knocked out the big three. Now let's talk about triggers. Now the first one I'm going to talk about is the error trigger. And I almost put this up in the holy trinity, but trinity doesn't work when we got four of them. So it it got demoted down to triggers. Now what is the error trigger? The error trigger is what allows us to set up some sort of error workflow for all of our automations and it's very easy to use. So this is my error workflow. There are many like it. This one is mine. But you need to find one that works for you because as you can see you can set this up in 3 seconds. You have the error trigger and you have the notification system. This will be the same for everybody. This will be different for you. How do you want to be alerted when one of your workflows suddenly dies? For me, an email is fine. You could have this be Slack, Telegram, whatever. And so, if we click inside the error workflow, what do we see? It's literally just a trigger. You don't have to do anything. Now, you can pin some fake data in there if you want to set this up. But all you're doing is you're just mapping the information. Right over here on the left, it tells you the ID of the workflow, the URL, how many times it retried, the message, the stack, right? All the information you would need to once you got the alert, go into that workflow and fix it, right? You totally need this because the last thing you want is a production workflow that goes down and you don't even know about it, right? You're not going to be sitting on Nadn all the time. This gives you instant updates when something goes wrong. Now, how do you set it up? Well, just go to any workflow you want. Come up here to the top right in the three buttons, go to settings, and where it says error workflow, you're just going to map it to that workflow. Mine's called error alert. Call yours whatever you want. You just map it right here. That easy and you're done. Next up, we got web hook triggers. And this is similar to HTTP requests where it's all about us getting data from some outside source, but instead of pulling it manually, that data from some outside place triggers the workflow. What do I mean? Imagine you had a web page that someone who's a potential lead fills out some information, right? They fill out a form. Here's who I am. Here's my email. Here's my details. That could trigger a web hook automation, right? That web hook then triggers which starts up an automation that then instantly emails a guy and tries to set him up with a call. Right? That's a web hook in action and they're extremely important as you can see. Now here's a look at a lot of web hooks in action. So this was from our recent voice agent video and what do we have here? A whole bunch of web hooks which once triggered do a bunch of different things. Right? In this case, it's a voice agent that hey, when it gets a call, depending on what the caller says, this web hook thing gets triggered from 11 Lab to do all these things, right? So, the automation doesn't work until the web hook is triggered. Now, the web hook's pretty simple to set up, right? If I just click on it, what do I need? I have a test and a production URL. You're probably going to want to use a production URL. We have a HTTP method. Oftent times, it will be get. The path will be default. And then you usually want to just do respond to web hook node. What do we mean by respond to web hook node? Well, that means the data will then get sent back to that original source, right? So as sort of an example, where's 11 labs? There's 11 labs. This, imagine this right here. This is our voice agent. This little 11 Labs module. It gets a call. That caller says, "Hey, I want you to check availability for this day at this time for an appointment." 11 Labs then sends an API request to our web hook. Boom. This then triggers it to do all the stuff. Hey, there's a code node in action. At the end, it's a respond to web hook, which means it then sends that information back to a level apps at the original place. So, it kind of just becomes a loop, right? It becomes this cycle, right? That's how that works. That's how web hooks work in action. Now, similar to HTTP requests, how do I know what the URL is going to be? Is there any weird stuff that I need to look for? Documentation, documentation, documentation. So, node number six is the call NN workflow tool. Just like HTTP request tools. This is all about calling some sort of outside source, but instead of an outside program, this is just an outside automation, right? Something that probably lives somewhere else. So, where you often see this is in like personal assistant agents, right? I have this AI agent. It has an email tool, but the email tool, right, isn't on that canvas. It's in a whole another workflow. So, alls I do is I give it a name. I give it a description. Hey, you call emails. This is your purpose. And then I map it to some sort of workflow, right? There's all these different workflows I can map it to. In this case, it's the email one. So, if I follow that, what do I see? Well, I actually see a whole another AI agent that has a bunch of email functionalities, right? All of this isn't inside here. Yet, this agent can use all this agent's functionalities by virtue of that call ended workflow tool. Now, what does this really buy by buy us? Why not just have all of these on the same AI agent? It allows me to be modular, right? It allows me to have this AI agent and connect it to whatever I want, right? It allows me to sort of like peacemeal my AI agents and I can attach it to any other automation I so choose, right? And so it's a nice little thing to have in your toolbox. And lastly, we have our data notes. Merge, edit, fields, accurate, and weight nodes. Now, people don't really talk about these, but they must be understood if you want to create workflows of any complexity, right? The hardest thing with any isn't understanding AI. It's really not. The hardest thing is managing data, right? Especially when you're dealing with clients who have disgusting data and it's not cleaned up and it's horrible. You're really going to have to rely on modules like these, right? So, what are they to do? When do we need to use them? Well, if we look at something like this, we can see a number of them in action. So, let's talk about the merge node first and foremost. What is the merge node doing big picture? Well, it's merging stuff. It's putting all the data in the same place. Yeah. Obviously, what it's really doing, though, is it's a stop sign. Okay. Right here, what do we have? We have essentially four funnels of data that we eventually want to put into these like, you know, AI systems over here on the right. And this merge node acts as a stop sign that's saying, "Hey, nobody gets to pass go and get dumped into these AI, you know, report generators until you've all finished collecting your data, right? So, I need the YouTube data. I need the Reddit data, the Twitter data, the web search data. I need all of it. And you guys all need to be in one place ready to go before we go any further." That's what the merge node is great for, right? And I think it's kind of easy to visualize here, but you will see some disgusting workflows some people do and it's all this data is all over the place. And in those cases, like a they should be simplified, but b often times they'll need to rely on a merge node to just make sure data is moving along together at the same place because even something as complicated as this, sometimes they get even way crazier and you can very easily get kind of lost, right? Especially when you're mapping to modules way down the line. Now, inside the merge node, you have the mode and the number of inputs. Number of inputs is self-explanatory, then you have append, combine, query, and choose branch. These are relatively self-explanatory, but the one you're most often is going to use is just append, right? If you just want this to act as a stop sign to get all the data ready to go, just keep it as append. If you want to combine, you can combine certain things with each other. So, like if I wanted some data from the first funnel and the second funnel to be combined, then I could do that here, right? But it can get kind of complicated for so for nine out of 10 use cases you're okay with append. Now that brings us to the second data node and that is the set fields node almost with the aggregate. So let's talk about set fields. What is happening here? So the set field nodes can really do two things. We can kind of just rename data or we can completely overwrite it. What you see here is the data just renamed. Right? This was called JSON.output. So it used to be called output. Now it's called X data. Now, why is that? Well, because all of these AI systems give you an output that's called output. So, we can't have output output output output. We have to rename those variables, right? So, this becomes YouTube data. This is Reddit data. This is X data, right? So, it just kind of acts as a way to, you know, reset the variable naming structure to keep our data clean. The other option you have is you can just rewrite the data entirely, right? So if the JSON output was a certain thing, write a certain value and I just wanted to change it, well I can quite literally overwrite it. The third data node we want to talk about is the aggregate node. Now what is aggregate do? Just like it sounds, you have a bunch of data, a bunch of different items, and I want to turn that into a single item. So if I look at the executions here, we'll be kind of a we'll be able to see this in action. So we'll copy this editor. So what do we have here? Remember we had this merge node, four funnels, each gives us an output of one item. We have four items popping out of here. Well, what am I trying to do endgame? Well, endgame, I want to send all that data to these LLM systems to either generate a report or come up with content ideas. But I want that report generated with all four items as context, right? I don't want one report for YouTube information or one report with Reddit information. I want the report with all the information. But if these things are as four items, right? It's just going to go into that system one at a time. I want to put all those items into a box and then give that box to the AI. That's where aggregate comes in, right? Because certain systems like these LLM systems, if it's just if this says 40 items instead of one item on that line, well then it's going to process item one, give you an output, process item two, give you an output. I want it all done at once. So that's where aggregate comes in. Anytime you want all of your data to be looked at simultaneously, use the aggregate node. Now, last but not least is the weight node. And I included this one because believe it or not, you can have the weight node do more things than just count to five. In fact, if you do on web hook call, you can use this as a web hook node. And let me explain why that's actually pretty useful. So imagine a scenario like this one where we are trying to create an AI video. This is a process that can take four, five, six minutes. It depends. We don't know. How do we deal with this? Well, oftentimes you will see the non-elegant solution of some sort of like pull, right? Where it waits for a minute. If it gets it, it continues. If it doesn't get it, it does a loop and waits another minute. There are more elegant solutions like what what you see here where instead we make that request, right? In this case, I'm making a request to Kai AI to create a video for me. That request then gets sent to this weight node. That weight node is then set up as a web hook. Right? So, as part of this request, you'll see down here, what did we send? We send a call back URL. This callback URL is part of this weight node. You'll see here the web hook URL will be generated at this runtime. Reference it with this variable. What that means is when we give our message to Kai AI, we essentially added our phone number to it. We're saying, "Hey, give us a call back when the video is done, right? And once you give me the call back, I will then forward it along to the rest of the automation." This is in contrast to what you see oftent times where there's like a loop node where you send him the message and then every minute you're knocking on the door saying, "Hey, are you done?" "Nope." "Okay, I'll come back in a minute." "Hey, are you done?" "Nope, come back in a minute." This instead just says, "Hey, make us the make us the video. Call me when you're done." Right? And that can be pretty useful and save you a lot of time when these things are done at scale. But of note, unfortunately, not every API supports some sort of callback URL. most do, but you will run into situations where this just can't be done. But in the event it can highly advise you use it. So that wraps up this video. I really mean it when I say that these 10 modules totally form the foundation for most workflows. Right? When you look at something complicated like this, you know, there's a lot going on, but what do you see? Schedule trigger. This is an HTTP node. This is an AI node. Aggregate set fields. HTTP request. Merge aggregate AI. HTTP require workflow with all these things. 90% of it it's it's just these. It's just these, right? So, if you understand these 10, it is way easier to like not get lost in the weeds with these complicated automations because when you really drill down to it, it's some combination of this, right? It really is. And once you understand that, you realize, hey, like I'm essentially just playing with Legos, right? and I only got like 10 Legos, but with those 10, I can build whatever I want, right? You just have to master these fundamentals. So, hope you enjoyed the video. As always, check out the school, the free one. Tons of resources there. We just added some new tiers if you're someone who wants to get a little bit more into like content creation or the agency stuff. Obviously, still have Chase AI Plus if you really want to dive in head first to the agency work. Um, so yeah, check them out. Let me know what you thought. And as always, I'll see you

=== Google Just Cloned Lovable (And Made It Free) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KW_n1u429uI

If you're still paying $40 a month for Lovable, it might be time to make a change because just this week, Google's AI Studio released their new Vibe coding tool that allows you to quickly spin up MVPs for your apps without any code. It's also able to integrate other Google tools into the Vibe coding process, so you're one click away from adding V3 or Nana Banana capability to your application. But I would argue the best part of this tool isn't how effective it is, it's the cost. Because it's virtually free. With up to 100 Google Gemini 2.5 Pro requests per day, you're able to validate, test, and deploy any application you want. This is a huge deal because having the ability to quickly and cheaply take your idea, turn it to an app, and validate the idea cannot be understated. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how Google AI Studio works, and then we're going to create an app, both in AI Studio and Lovable, so you can see them compared head-to-head. So, here we are inside of Google's AI Studio. To get there, I'll put a link down below in the description, but it's just aistudio.google.com. Now, AI Studio is wild. A lot of people don't know about it, but it allows you to essentially use most Gemini features for free. Um, in the intro I talked about the build tool, which is what we're going to be talking about today. With Vive Coding being virtually free, you get a quota anywhere from like 25 to 100 Gemini Pro 2.5 request per day and then it will switch over to your API, but it resets every day at midnight. It's a very generous offer, frankly. And so, if you go to the homepage, you'll see stuff like this. You have chat over here on the left where you can select different models, right? I could talk with 2.5 Pro. It's just like I'm in the Gemini app. I can go to Nano Banana to do more image stuff. But what we care about today is build, which is what we see over here on the left. And this is our section for vibe coding. And how it works is pretty simple. You just give it a prompt and it starts creating it. It works basically just like lovable or bold or any other vibe coding application. And we have the ability to choose our models. I always suggest using 2.5 Pro. You can give it system instructions. You can decide if you want it in Angular or React. And then obviously you can even choose your microphone. So, you can just dictate this all through voice. Down here, you have the ability to supercharge your apps with AI. Like I alluded to in the intro, you have access to the full suite of Google tools. So, let's say I was trying to create an app that had nanobanana integrated into it. I just click that. All right. Now, it's going to have nano banana. Oh, I wanted to be able to animate images. Okay. I click that. I want to use Google data. I want a chatbot. I want, you know, you can go down the list and add all these things to your application, which is really nice because, you know, the AI features are already there, ready to go. You don't even have to go through and set up the entire like large language model infrastructure like, okay, let me go put in my API key. Like, it's all done for you for free. You also have the ability to add files here. And they have this I'm feeling lucky tool. So, if you're just, you know, you have no idea what you want to create, you just click I'm feeling lucky, a nice throwback for Google users, and it will come up with a prompt for you for some sort of app. So, I hit I'm feeling lucky a few times, and this brought us to the AI interior design consultant application, which is what we're going to be using for today's video. Long story short, the user uploads a photo of their current space. The app offers a carousel of reimagined style. So, hey, this is what it would look like in mid-century modern, blah, blah, blah. It has a compare slider so I can easily see the before and after. And it will also have a chatbot so I can actually type to it and say, "Hey, change the color of this or add this to the room." Right? There's entire apps out there right now who make a ton of money just doing this. And we're going to create it in 2 seconds. Now, this is the same one that we're going to use in Lovable. So, we're going to knock it out here in AI Studio first, and we'll go over to Lovable, and we'll compare the two. So, all I'm going to do is I'm just going to hit build, and it's going to go to work. Now, as this is running, you'll see a few things that again very reminiscent to to lovable and bolt. Up top, you have the preview. So, this is where it's actually going to show the web app. You also have the code. Up here, we have the ability to save the app, download the app, and then we can also push it to GitHub. This is really useful um because what's the whole purpose of AI studio and lovable? It's quickly do MVPs, right? I have an idea. I want to see if it's legit and maybe throw it to a few people and see what they think. Once I want to get, you know, a little more robust, I probably want to take the code this created and then bring it to Claude Code, bring it to codeex and actually start like getting in the weeds and making this something that's, you know, a real productionready product. This is kind of that intermediary step and that's a step that lovable fulfilled before, but we had to pay for it. If I can do the same thing for cheap, well, I'm all about it. Okay, so here we are. This took 87 seconds to run. And we got a very basic setup here. Right. Drag and drop your room photo here or browse a file. So, I'm going to drop in a photo of this living room. And here we are. So, just grab this off the internet. You see down here on the bottom, we have different styles, right? I will actually move this over here so we can see it better. You know what? Even better, let's just go full screen. And so, I can hit mid-century modern. And here's what it gives us, right? And it also has this slider. So here's the original image and I can slide it over mid-century modern. Pretty smooth, right? It what it did in the back end is it took this original image, sent it off to nanobana. This is the nano banana image and let's me very quickly go between two of them. Right? If I hit Scandinavian, it's going to do the same thing. It's going to generate a new image and I can slide it across. Old image, new image. The first one was pretty Scandinavianesque, so not a lot of a difference, but I I'm able to go inside here and say, "Hey, let's do make the rug bright red." And there we go. Now we can see the room with a bright red rug. Right? Super easy, very simple app, but it actually does what it set out to do. Now, let's go over to Lovable. And again, this was a oneshot prompt. We didn't even have to edit anything. Let's go to Lovable, give it the essentially the exact same prompt, and see how it does. So here we are in lovable same prompt and we're telling hey just give it nanobanana functionality for the images and include an AI chatbot. Now my assumption is it won't be as smooth when it comes to those integrations right there's obviously a lot of code going on in the backend for Google AI studio when it comes to you know just clicking in Nano Banana and clicking in the chatbot and that stuff. This this will probably be a little clunkier but let's see how it works. All right. Lovable is asking me if I want to enable cloud right. So, it's adding an LLM to the app as well as sort of a built-in back. And this is a new thing with Loveable. Essentially, they'll they'll add the AI functionality for you. Um, and it becomes kind of a pay as you go for the API from my understanding. So, here's what lovable gave us. Pretty similar on the surface. Let's try uploading a photo. Uh, I guess we'll drag and drop it. Right. So, I dragged and dropped the photo. It doesn't show me the photo exactly, but it gives me the the options. So, I'll click mid-century modern. And here's the image it gave us. Uh, I want to use the slider. Uh, okay. I have to use the slider down here, but still works. Okay, not bad. And we have our chatbot. So, let's say, hey, change the rug to neon green. All right. And instead of changing it, it's asking me a bunch of questions. Just make it green. Still asking me more questions. This is an annoying consultant. Just use your best judgment, brother. And make the red green. So, there's definitely some um editing we could do in terms of getting this to follow directions, but um on the surface, it's the the core functionality is working, right? Like, we're able to pick the thing and use the slider and get the images. Now, right away, do we notice a massive difference between this and this considering this cost $0 and this cost $40? Not really. And what we could do for the rest of this video is we could continue throwing more and more prompts in it and see how they do as it goes back and forth. But I'm not going to waste your time. What you see here is pretty much what you're going to get. The Google AI Studio is really, really, really strong for free. Like I keep saying for free because this actually means something because again, what is this? It's a quick design tool. Does this MVP even make sense at all on the surface? Like what things are we going to run into in the real world? That's what that's the mindset you need for this. Like can you create apps and have them live inside lovable? Yes. Is it what you should do? Probably not long term. Um now does this mean that in every single circumstance, hey, Google AI Studio is going to blow lovable out of the water or that they're neck and neck? No. Where does Lovable excel at? Well, I think it excels at all its integrations, right? Like I have the ability to set up Superbase on here very, very simply. I have the ability to put in Shopify like you just saw here. But again, that's only super important, I think, if I want my final production act to be living here inside of Lovable. If I'm treating these tools as I think they should be treated in a real setting is like again a very quick MVP spin-up before I go and take it to a real coder, right? Or at least cla um I think AI Studio really fills this niche and fills it really, really well. So, you know, I think before we were kind of limited in our options here. It was bolt lovable, maybe VO v0ero, right? Um, so this is an awesome addition to that little group. And again, just like lovable, same thing. Save the GitHub. I can deploy this app up here. You select the crow cloud project. It'll actually you just need to set up billing. It's pretty easy inside of there because you'll be using your real API, but then it will give you the actual web address. So, I know that was really quick, but those are my thoughts on this new Google AI Studio update. I think this is a criminally underrated app, the Google AI Studio at large, and this is an awesome tool that they've added because again, it just gives us options. Like, more things that we can play around with that are free, the better. So, definitely check it out. Again, description is down below. And as always, I'll see you guys

=== This AI Automation Built Me 175k Followers In Under a Year (n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-7egcppFPk

This is the AI automation that took me from zero to 175,000 followers in under 12 months. It's taken a number of forms during that time, but this is the latest and greatest version, and I'm giving it to you today. The premise of this automation is simple. Scrape social media to identify trending topics in my niche, identify patterns and potential content gaps, and generate a list of potential content ideas based on the data. Sadly, what passes for research for most content creators is doomcrolling social media and hoping inspiration falls into their lap. But you can do better, and this helps you automate it. The best part of this automation isn't any of the fancy stuff going under the hood. It's the two simple outputs it gives us to actually act on the data. The first is a daily content report that is sent to our inbox every single morning. It gives us a big picture summary of what topics are trending on social media in our niche. It then goes into YouTube and identifies the top three videos in that same niche and gives us summaries. It then applies that same framework to Reddit and Twitter before finally taking a look at what Perplexity brings us from around the web at large. Finally, it gives us some quick hitters in terms of content based on all the data it has scraped in the last 24 hours. Now, the second output it gives us is just as crucial and it's all the granular data that is sent to Air Table. This is where we find even more detailed information about everything we've scraped from YouTube, Twitter, Reddit, and Perplexity. And it does a really deep dive on the content ideas. We go beyond just simple headlines and summaries. As you see here, we also go into the why behind each content idea, which includes the data, the pain points, and the potential of it going viral. We also really lean into the hooks. We specify the spoken hook, the text hook, the audio hook, the visual hook, and even what sort of hook archetype it is before we go into the story line. So, you're not just given a title and the summary. You know exactly what your content should look like. And these storyline generations have been trained on Callaway social media storytelling principles. So, you're not just getting AI slop here that's worth nothing. So, for the rest of this video, we're going to dive into the automation itself. I want to show you how everything works for each and every module so you can get this up and running for yourself. So, as always, remember I'm giving you this template for free. Just head down to the comments, go to the free school, search for content report automation or whatever I have this video eventually titled. You'll find the template there. Then you're going to go ahead download it, head to NAND, create a new workflow, come through the top right, do import from file, click that template, and you're going to have something pop up that looks exactly like this. That way, for the rest of this video, you can follow along and actually edit all the modules that need to be edited so it works for you. Now, in the intro of this video, you kind of saw what the outputs look like. Remember, big picture, what are we trying to do here? We're trying to scrape different social media websites to figure out what content is trending. So, we can then create content ourselves based on these things that are starting to like pick up elsewhere. Right? By the time you see it on YouTube, Reddit, Twitter, and everywhere else, and you've seen it a million times, it's too late, right? We want to find those things just as they're taking off so we can get be kind of ahead of our competition. Now, what are we scraping exactly? Well, there's four real funnels right up here at the top, we're scraping YouTube, then we scrape Reddit, then Twitter, and then we have a general web search, which is kind of a catchall using Perplexity. And so for YouTube specifically, what are we doing? We specify our niches. In this case, I have stuff like AI and NN. It grabs the top 10 videos. It extracts their transcripts. It filters out shorts cuz I don't really care about the shorts. We do analysis on the transcript and then we figure out, okay, these are the trending videos. This is what they're about. Here's the patterns we can pull out of it. That is the same sort of idea we do for all these. Now, real quickly, you might be asking yourself, why aren't we also scraping Tik Tok and Instagram reels? And there's two reasons. One, it's very hard to scrape properly, both in terms of finding videos with the correct hashtags and by filtering by date. It's not a simple process. Two, as someone who spends a lot of time on those platforms, most of the things in my niche, AI, tend to be derivative from stuff you see here, YouTube, Twitter, and Reddit. It's rare that something pops off and is unique inside of Instagram or Tik Tok and then finds its way to YouTube and Twitter, right? It's usually the opposite pathway that these ideas are transferred. Next is Reddit. Right here, it takes a look at Rn, but you could have as many subreddits as you want. you would just copy this node over and over and we're grabbing the top five rising posts. So these are the posts that are starting to pick up a lot of up votes over the last 24 hours. And just like with YouTube, we run all those posts after they're scraped through an LLM node. So it actually does some analysis on it and tells us what it's all about. Next, we have Twitter. And this is grabbing the top 50 tweets across a number of different keywords. And don't worry, we're going to go under the hood on each of these modules so you can see exactly what they look like. But this one's a little more spread out because tweets can be so short. We also filter out for like the number of comments we're getting. And again, it's a number of keywords. It's like nan, AI, Asians, claw, gemini, all that stuff. From there, we aggregate them all. We send them to an LLM and we're like, hey, pick out the top ones, the top five. Do some extra analysis on those, but really like what are people talking about? Like try to find some trends and let me know what the people want. And lastly, we have perplexity. And this is just more like general AI stories. So like something that didn't get caught in the first three. We hope it kind of gets picked up here for Plexity if it's big enough. Same sort of deal. We run it through an LLM. We we format it properly and then we send it off to Air Table. Now that's a lot of information we're scraping. And to kind of give you an idea, if I click on this merge node right here, I'll move this over as well. Like this is a lot of the data that you see, right? This is all that we're working with, right? This is after all the analysis has happened. This isn't just the raw data. This is the analysis, right? We we merge it all. We aggregate it all. So we take all that analysis, then we put it in a box and we put that box and we shove it to two places, right? The report generator and the content brainstorming. So this report generator up top, that's what you saw in the intro in the email, right? This is like giving us the highlights, right? Something that I can scan in 60 seconds and have a pretty good idea of what's going on in the world in my niche. Down here is the content brainstorm. Now, when I showed you the thing inside of Air Table that was like, hey, here's the deep dive on the content. That's is that's where this is coming from. This is only focused on content and this is what was kind of trained on Callaway's, you know, storytelling principles for social media. And so, this gets pushed to Air Table, this gets pushed to email, and those are your two big outputs. Now, as a quick aside, you aren't limited to those outputs, right? There's a lot of data we're working with. And as part of the uh template that's exclusive to the Chase AI Plus community, quick plug for that. If you're looking for more AI agency stuff, definitely check it out. I also included a LinkedIn post generator because remember this is all about content creation, but this template really it's bones. It's a scraping template, right? What do you want to do with all that data? It might not even be content. You could use this for some sort of competitive analysis or in this case for doing stuff like LinkedIn post, right? The world is your oyster with this thing. And that's just one idea um that I included with the Chase AI plus version of this template. But for everyone else, you get this, which I think is good enough for 90% of use cases. Now, that's the overview, right? We've seen the output. You know what's happening big picture. And then the last thing I'll mention before we start going module by module is, hey, like with all my templates, you have this little thing over on the left which explains how it works. And then we also dive into the APIs and all the resources we used. We also talk about the cost. And so, let's just hit that right now. What is all this costing you per run? So per day about 32 cents. Honestly, not bad. And most of that is coming from running it through LLM for the actual analysis. And of note, we're using 4.1 mini for all the analysis up here, which is pretty cheap. On the back end is where it gets a little more expensive, where we're using 4.1 cuz we want something a little more powerful. You could even use five. It doesn't really matter what you use. Change it out for whatever you like. And then one last last thing before we go module by module. The amount of APIs we need, right? There's a number we're doing here, right? We're doing um stuff with Appify. You need YouTube, you need Reddit, you need Air Table. In this video, I'm not going to go through the entire setup from beginning to end for every single API. I will do it for a couple of them that are a little trickier, but for the most part over here, I have linked you guides of how to do each and every one of these. And I will also link a video above for how to set up Google credentials if you've never done it before. This is for the sake of time, so no one has to sit through a 60-minute video if they don't need to. Luckily, these guys are pretty thorough. It's from Naden. Their documentation is honestly really solid. So, with that being said, let's jump into it. All right. First things first, we got a schedule trigger. What's going on here? Well, we're just saying, hey, this is how often I want it to run. For me, it runs every single morning at 8 a.m. You could have this run twice a day if you wanted to. You could have this run a 100 times a day. This is just where you specify it. If you're wondering how to get the time set up, come up here to the top right. You're going to go to settings. And you can see right here the time zone, right? So, mine sent to America, Chicago. put this wherever you want. And of note, we also have this set to a specific error workflow. Um, I'll go ahead and show you that error workflow right now. It's very simple. This is something you should do with all of your workflows. You should have all of your workflows getting pushed to a specific error alert workflow you've created in another workflow. So, this is what your error workflow looks like. Very simple. You have the trigger. This triggers every single time there's an error in a workflow that points to this guy, just like you saw 5 seconds ago. Second module. How do you want to be alerted? In my case, it just sends me an email. This could be Slack. This could be Telegram. You can change it depending on the severity of of the errors. Right now, there's nothing you need to do for the trigger itself. For the message, really easy. Email. What do you want it to be called? In my case, it just gives me the workflow name and then the error. Where did I get that? Well, over here on the left, I just dragged it in there, right? Same thing for the message, the name, the URL, error message, and error node. Very, very easy. You should definitely have this in your NAND instance. So, back to here. That's the daily trigger. Now, let's take a look at the YouTube scraper. Like I said, we're just trying to grab the top 10 in our niche. Take a look at the transcripts and analyze them. So, first things first, we have the Git video node. This is a default one inside of NAND. So, first you need to connect your credential. If you've never done that before, just go here to open Docs and follow it step by step. Again, I linked earlier the Google credential video, so follow that if you get confused. And so, we're doing get many. In this case, we're just grabbing 10. You could change it if you want. We're specifying here when we want it published. So, this is just saying essentially, hey, 24 hours previous to when this runs for our query. We're looking at NAN, right? That's the niche I'm pulling from changes to your niche. And then we're looking at it in terms of relevance. And we have safe safe search on to moderate. And this just gives us over here on the right like a bunch of data. Now, unfortunately, we still need more information from YouTube. This module doesn't give us enough. So, we do an HTTP request to Google directly saying, "Hey, give us more information about these videos." So, what you need to change inside of here, you're going to have to add your API key. I will show you how to do that in a second. And that's pretty much it. What this is getting us is the content details, snippet, and statistics. Really, what we care about is the stats, right? Like views, for example, right? I want to know how many views these videos are getting, and this module lets us get it. Now, for the API key, we're going to need to go to Google Console. Now, luckily for you, because I'm so nice, I gave you a link right here. So, you're just going to click on Google Cloud. Come to the left, go to APIs and services. We'll go to library. And you're going to need to search for some YouTube ones if you haven't done it before. You're going to need the YouTube data API V3. Make sure you enable that. We did. And you're also going to need the YouTube Analytics API. Make sure you enable that as well. Then, you're going to go back to APIs and services. Go to credentials. You're going to create credentials and you're going to do API key. You're going to create an API key. It will show it to you. Copy that. Come back into here. Paste it in there and you're all set. That's all you need to do for this module. Next, we filter out the shorts. Got some fancy code here. All that's doing is basically getting us videos under 3 minutes and 30 seconds, right? We want stuff that's more long form. Next, we have an ampify scraper, which is what gets us the transcripts. Now, what do we need from this module? Well, I'm going to need you to update your API key. And as for what we're actually grabbing, if we take a look at the JSON payload, really all we're passing is the URL of the YouTube video. And then it's going to say, "Hey, you gave me the URL. I'm going to get you the transcript." And that's what happens in this module, right? It's just getting the transcript for every single video. Now, Ampify, how does it work? How do we get our API key? I'll show you very quick. again over here on the left. Go ahead and click on Appify and this will take you directly to the API key page. You're just going to create a new token, copy it and go. If you haven't used Appify before, it's a web scraping marketplace. Tons of web scrapers on there. You can start with a free trial. I think they throw you five bucks. Paid sub is 39 bucks a month. Highly suggest getting it, especially if you're going to be using this automation every single day. Now, if we click back into here and you click on the YouTube transcript scraper, you can see the actual scraper we're using. So, it costs us $7 per thousand transcripts. Not too bad. Less than a penny per transcript. And you can kind of see how this all works, right? This is just the API playground. So, you could put in different URLs here, change the settings, and see what you get. In case you were wondering how I got that JSON payload, if you just click JSON on here, wow, it looks very familiar, right? That's where I got it. So, if you change settings here manually and you really liked what you got, you could go back into JSON, you can see what it looks like. you would copy it, come back in here, and paste it in there. Right? That's kind of how you play with Amplify. So, we identified the video, we've gotten the transcripts. Now, we want to do some analysis. And that's what's happening here. We're going to shove those transcripts into this basic LLM chain. And the system prompt is pretty much just saying like, hey, like take a look at what the video is about, the core thesis, the main arguments, and give us a final conclusion. Okay. And then we have it gives us two things, both a quick summary and a deep dive summary. So I can also take a look at the video and get like a one-s sentence explanation and I also have the option to kind of read this deeper like three to five bullet points like okay what did they really talk about if it interests me. From there we then split off into two places. We either go down the aggregate route and this is what eventually gets used for sort of the report generation or it branches off and it does air table. I say or but both these things happen essentially simultaneously. So let's first look at air tableable and I'll spend a little more time on this thing because it essentially repeats for all these scrapers where it branches off into two paths, right? The report generation and the air table side. So for air table, let's first hop into air table real quick. I know I showed it a little bit in the intro, but let's talk about it a little more. So this is what we got, right? So there's really 1 2 3 4 five tables in here, right? We got videos, Reddit, tweets, perplexity, the deeper dive on content, and then some of the LinkedIn post stuff, right? So each scraper gets sent to a different table where you can see more of the details. And this all falls under the AI content hub template. I will have a link to the template inside of here, right? I'll probably input it down here somewhere so you can click the link, copy the base. That way you have something that looks just like mine. So you can push all that data here. You could also use sheets if you want, but I do suggest moving towards Air Table um as you get a little more advanced in this sort of automation stuff because Air Table just is a bit more flexible. Now, for the YouTube videos section, you'll see we just have another number of columns like title, URL, thumbnails, quick summary, deep dive summary, views, the channel, and the date. So, all we're going to be doing here is we're just filling in each of those columns. And so, when I click on here, you'll see they're only red because of the pinning stuff. It works just fine. Um, that's what we're doing, right? So, we're just mapping stuff, right? We're taking the We're taking the uh the title, we're mapping it. We're taking the quick summary, we're mapping it, right? That's how that logic works. And that's all that's going on here. So, what you will have to change is just make sure you're on your correct base and your correct table. If you click on these, it will actually take you to that exact base or table so you can make sure you're on the right one. And again, for connecting to Air Table, just follow the documentation. So, we push it to Air Table and then we aggregate it. You might be wondering, hey, why do we have all these aggregate nodes? has like the thing you'll notice as you get more and more experienced with Naden and automations in general is the hardest part isn't like hey coming up with this crazy idea the hardest part is like how do I get data from the left side of this equation all the way to the right side of the equation so it looks nice and neat and stuff can actually process things in the manner of which I want it to and one of the ways you're going to learn how to do that well is by understanding when to use aggregate nodes when to use merge nodes right when to use split out nodes and the thing you have to want ask yourself is like how do I want these items to get pushed because think about what we're trying to do here, right? We have all this analysis from YouTube, but this comes out as 10 items, right? It's analyzed transcript one. It's analyzed transcript 2, transcript 3. Eventually, what do I want the AI to do? I want it to look at all 10 transcripts at once and say, "Hey, here are the patterns I took out of all 10." Well, I can't do that if I push it one transcript at a time at the end for, you know, this final report. I need to be able to give it all trans all 10 transcripts at once. How do I package all 10 items into one box? Aggregate node. Similarly, what's the opposite of that? What if I have everything in a box and actually want to split it out? Say send it to air table. What would I use? Well, I would use a split out node. And you're going to see that in action soon. And I mention all that because it's easy, especially when I just hand you a template that you're working with to be like, okay, aggregate node, split out node, whatever. I don't really care. If you want to start making these for real, right? you're going to start working with clients, you know, and they're going to have their own weird things they got going on. You really need to begin to understand why these aggregate nodes are where they are and why they work, right? It's very important. That's what will separate you from someone who actually knows their what they're doing, and someone who's kind of just like a template monkey who copies them and paste them and actually has no idea how anything works. So, enough of that though. So, we aggregate it, we send it to this merge node. What is the purpose of this merge node while we're talking about data stuff? Well, the merge nodes make sure kind of everything happens before we move on to here. Right over here on the right is sort of the data synthesis, the report generation. I don't want to start that till all of this is done. How do I do that? I use a merge node and that's essentially like a stop sign that's saying, "Hey, nobody passes go till we're all done, till everyone's done their analysis, right?" And hey, look at that little aggregate node as well. But, um, yeah, that's the YouTube section and we'll be able to go run through the rest of this a lot quicker because it all kind of follows that same, you know, cadence. So, we got the Reddit scraper here. Now, this is just doing one subreddit. If you wanted to do multiple subreddits, you would need to like copy this whole thing, right? How we need to do one here and then copy all the stuff and have another parallel line. Just know that. So, we're grabbing the top five posts from our NAND, right? Limit five rising post. How do I set up Nad? Follow the documentation. This is pretty simple, right? Just gives us the top five posts. It gives us all the text from the post, the title, the up votes, everything we want. From there, we send all five posts to our Reddit analyzer. You know, this one's very simple. Just ID the post titles in the URL and give me a one-s sentence summary. And that's what we get on the right. Title, link, summary. We then push that to do two different places. Again, Reddit air table just like the YouTube air table. What are we doing? We're just mapping stuff. Title, URL, summary, and then the upvotes. Over here, we aggregate it all, right? Put it in a little box for the edit fields. Why do I have this edit fields here? because I don't want to everything you will notice that comes out of a basic LLM chain or an LLM, it gets named output, right? Or it gets named data. I wanted to call it something different because we have four of these going on, right? I can't have data, data, data, data, output, output, output, output. I needed to be called something separately just to keep the data clean. That's what these set fields nodes allow me to do, right? So now this is Reddit data and this one's going to be Twitter data like you see. But that's the Reddit path. Very easy. Top five post, edit it like you wish. Next, we have Twitter. So, Twitter is using Appify. This is probably my favorite one out of here because scraping Twitter is actually a pain in the butt. If you try to do it the normal way, like go through their dev portal, it is very expensive as you start scaling. But this Appify Scraper allows us to do it for cheap. And let's actually take a look at this um scraper. So, we got the uh Tweet Scraper V2 from API Dojo. 40 cents per thousand tweets. That's as good as you're going to get. Now, what you see here is how I set up my JSON. So, what were my search terms, and you'll see this reflected in the modules. Nadn, AI, automation, AI agent, claw, Gemini, chat, GBT. I'm grabbing 50 items. That's sort of the minimum you need to do with this. Um, you could even do more. We're sorting it by top. And then I also sort it by time, but that's only seen in NN. Again, what does a JSON look like? Looks like this. So end, start, this is going to be dynamic inside of NN like you would see, but this is what we got, right? So what is it doing? It's searching Twitter for these six terms just like you are on Twitter and you put in those six and it's looking for the top 50 that hit any of those search terms and has at least 100 favorites, 10 replies, 10 retweets. Easy enough. And so you see that reflected here. What do you need to change? Make sure you update your API key. So the bear space API key. And again here in the JSON, what do we have that's dynamic? We have the times, right? The end time and the start time. End time is today. Start time is today minus 1. So 10:27, 10:26. And then you see the tweets on the right. It gives us like the ID, the URL, the text, all that stuff. Amount of retweets, favorites, all that. Now, I don't need the AI to individually analyze each one one by one. So we aggregate it. We put all 50 in a box. And we give that box of tweets to 4.1 Mini, right? Our Twitter analyzer. And what are we having it do? We're asking it to identify the top five tweets and identify the trending topics, right? What are the outliers? And then in general, based on all 50, what are what are people talking about? Okay, that's the purpose of this LLM chain. And you'll see that reflected here on the right. You know, it identifies the top five, shows the amount of tweets, and then it goes into the actual trending topics, right? AI and automation, Asian collaboration, blah blah blah blah blah. Now, after it gives us that analysis, it goes to two places. One, the edit fields node. Again, we just want to rename it. We're calling this X data. From here, we then have the split out because like you see here on the left, all the top five tweets are just one item, and I can't map them if they're all just one item, right? I need to split them out. That's why we have this here. All five get split out. That way, I can then map them properly, which is then reflected inside of Air Table. Last but not least, we have Perplexity. And again, this is kind of our catchall. And we just have a simple um question for it. And we're just saying, "Hey, what are the top three trending news stories in AI and AI automation as of today? Again, if you've never hooked up Perplexity, just check the documentation." You could replace this with something like Tavly if you wanted to as well. Um if you wanted to use their free credits, but this is costing like 1 cent. Now, down here, why are we sending this to an LLM? Really, this is for formatting. It would be cleaner if we could just have Perplexity format its output like we wanted to. You'll notice we spend a lot of time when it comes to formatting. Like this is all formatting related, formatting related, formatting related, right? How do we have data look the way we want? It's via formatting. Usually, I would just use something like a code node um because it's cleaner and quicker. But unfortunately, perplexity doesn't always give you the exact output you ask for. Like it will change the name, it'll change how it looks. So, we kind of unfortunately have to run it through this, which is just purely for formatting purposes. So it comes out the way we like, which is why we have the structured output parser because we want things to come out as a headline and a content. So we can map it to air table. Split it out just like before. And then what do we map to air table again? The headline and the content, right? And again, you're kind of just seeing this pattern repeated over and over and over. Um, but that's because it's effective. Just like the rest, we change the uh name with the edit fields. We call this perplexity data. and it gets sent to the merge node. And at this point in the automation, we've done all the analysis. We've done all the scraping. Now, it's time to actually generate an output that you can use. And again, how do we manipulate this data so it's actually usable? Like you saw in each and every one of these parallel paths. We at some point aggregated it. So it was one item coming out of YouTube. Whoops. One item coming out of Reddit, one out of Twitter, one out of the web search. But that's four items, right? So we get four items passed here inside the merge. Now we need to aggregate it again. Why? because I want that large language model to do the analysis on all the data at once, right? I don't want it to analyze the YouTube and then analyze Twitter. It already did that. I want you to look at all four of them. Give me a holistic view of what's going on on social media across multiple platforms. So, that's how we aggregate and then we go to the report generator and the content brainstorm. These are tied to the same model. This is just 4.1. So, I suggest just using a little bit of a stronger model. You don't need to go crazy. We don't need Sonnet 4.5 or Opus, but if you want to, you can. Um, but don't use a mini model. I would suggest like this is a lot of data it's looking at. You want a strong report. So looking at the report generator again, we're shoving in all that data. All you see on the left is everything it's going to be analyzing from all four paths. Now the system prompt is us just telling it, hey, this is what you can expect from the input and this is what we want from the output. And we also really dive into the styling guidelines because we want this to be pushed as HTML so it actually looks nice inside of the email. And that's all that you see here, right? The key formatting rules, the critical requirements. Again, you aren't a slave to this. Edit this however you want, however you want it to look like. If you don't like the HTML, do something else. That then gets sent via email, right, to my own email daily content report with the actual time. And then we just, you know, mapped in the text. Make sure you have this clicked off the append attribution or you'll have that little thing at the bottom of the email that says, hey, here's this was created by NAN. And this is what we get. Just like you saw in the intro, we got like that too long, didn't read. Hey, big picture. What are people talking about, what's trending on YouTube? So, this is just that, you know, one sentence summary and then the deep dive, right? If I click on any of these, it will actually bring me to the YouTube video. So, it gives us the top three, gives us the top three on Reddit. Same deal. If I click on these, it will take me to Reddit. We have Twitter. You can view the tweet. shows you the amount of favorites, right here is like the trending topics on Twitter across all 50 perplexity news. And then you have your content ideas. Again, this is pretty surface level, just kind of like a title and a one sentence summary of something you could think about for content. Next is the content brainstorm path. And so it's getting pushed the same data, but this is for our content deep dive, right? And like I mentioned in the intro, this is kind of trained on a bunch of Callaway's work. I took a number of his videos, ran it through AI, pulled the transcripts, and was like, "Hey, give me his like storytelling framework in a system prompt format. So then I can take any ideas that that I have, give it to you, this AI that's trained on this stuff, and you give me out these sort of storyline templates." That's what this does. Um, and I think it does a really good job, especially when it comes to like the hooks and sort of like the storyline. And you know, at the end of the day, you don't have to follow this exactly, right? But it it gets the juices flowing. Like the whole point of this automation really is that you're not staring at a blank page every day being like, "I hope I can figure out something to talk about." You know, you you don't want to start from zero every single time. And like I said before, this all gets pushed to the content idea section. And you can see how detailed it goes, right? We have the title, description, the why, like the reasoning behind it. You know, the data points. I really like the hooks because hooks are so important, right? It's like everyone's going to see the first 3 second of your short form or the first 60 seconds of your long form. That's what you really need to focus on and really master and this helps you do that. And sort of the storyline, right? The click confirmation, right? Are you actually, you know, holding true to the promise that your thumbnail and title give the audience, right? This is how you do it. This is the plan and the point. So, I this is my favorite part of this whole automation is all this, right? And like I said, since it's trained on someone who actually knows the heck they're talking about, it's not just like, "Hey, chat GPT, give me give me a story line, right? We we don't want AI slop." That is what we are trying to avoid. And once it creates that, hey, again, we split it out and then we send it off to air table just like we've done throughout this workflow. You know, all this stuff, this is just all the mapped information it's given us. And you see all the information here on the left. There's even more it gives us that doesn't even make it to the air table cuz I just didn't think it was necessary. So, that's the automation. I know this looked like a complicated behemoth at the start, but I hope after going through each of these modules, step by step, you can see it's actually not too crazy. You know, everything sort of follows the same logic. We just scrape the data, we analyze the data, and then we do a synthesis of all that analysis to create a report and to create content. That's all that's happening. Get the data, analyze it, give you an output that you, the user, can actually do something with. Right? That's what it's all about. And I think this automates a ton of stuff. It saves me so much time because again, it's not sustainable to try to come up with content, you know, on your own out of thin air every single day, day after day, right? This gives you a place to start. So, as always, let me know what you thought of this video. Check out the school. Tons of content there. All of it is free. If you're looking for something more and you're ready to actually make money with AI, you want to start your own AI agency and you want some of the workflows that have a little something extra added like this one with the LinkedIn post generator, go ahead and check out Chaseai Plus. We'd love to have you there. And as always, I'll see you guys around.

=== This AI Agent Clones the Brain of Any Youtuber (n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oEu7gwE6Wk

What if you could turn anyone in the world into your own personal consultant? I'm talking about having Alex Formosi as your personal marketing instructor or having Gary Vee by your side every time you see a garage sale. And while that might sound ridiculous, this is something that is totally possible with AI. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to do that as we create an AI agent that we train on all the YouTube material of whoever you want. And by doing so, we're able to create a miniature AI version of them that we can use to do whatever we want. And the best part is this AI system is pretty simple to create and we really aren't limited just to YouTube data or some sort of famous celebrity either. You could be cloning yourself. So let's get started so you can get this up and running. So as always remember I'm giving you this template for free. Just go down to the comments, head to the free school, sign up, you'll find this template there. Once you find the post that has this, it should be called like AI clone or something related to the YouTube title. Download it. come to NADN, create a new canvas, and then you just come to the top right, you're going to do import from file, and you'll have it set up like this. That way, for the rest of this video, you can follow along, and I'll show you what you need to edit so you can make it your own. Now, big picture, what the heck is going on here? I kind of talked about, you know, YouTube data before, and we're creating a clone. So, how does this all work? Well, the way it's going to work is right off the bat, you're going to be doing a form submission. Form is very simple. You're just going to input the YouTube channel URL and then the number of videos that you want it to scrape. For example, if I wanted to create my Alex Formosi AI agent, I would just go to the YouTube channel. I would copy the URL, come back here, paste it, and then it's the number of videos I wanted to scrape. And this is going to scrape the most popular videos. So, if I do 10, it'll be the 10 most popular, 20, the 20 most popular. You kind of get the drift. Now, the reason why we don't just do all of them all at once is some people have a ton of videos. And understand there is a cost to each video. It's not a lot, but this gives you some flexibility. Now, once you submit that, it's then going to go here to apply and it hits a twice. Essentially, what it's doing is it's going to get the video URLs. It's then going to send the URLs to this Apify scraper and that's going to get the transcripts for each and every video. From there, we then analyze each and every transcript individually, pulling out the main points, what we think is important. We then aggregate it all and then we send it to the persona creation module. And this is where it's taking all of that, you know, YouTube analysis and saying, "Hey, like who is this person? What are they about? What are their sort of like pillars?" And it creates the persona. Essentially, what it outputs is the system prompt for the AI agent that is going to act as your miniature version of whoever it is you just did all this analysis on. Right? In this case, it's Alexi, right? So, this is creating the system prompt for our Alexi AI agent. From there, we take that output and we just dump it here into the AI agent. So, this output on this guy becomes the system prompt for this guy. And now I can just talk with the AI agent and it's essentially like having Alex or Rosie there by my side to answer my personal questions. So, as an example, I'm just saying like, "Hi, Alex. What should my strategy be when it comes to outreach for my AI agency? I'm stuck between ramping up cold outreach/ campaigns and focusing more on social media." So, here's the response it gives us. Goes into an example from gym launch. gives us one, two, three, four kind of talking points. And then as you kind of scan it, you see there's an emphasis on things like volume, right? Which is something that Alex always preaches, right? You know, volume negates luck, that whole deal. Now, we did this inside of NAN, right? And I will show you later in this video how you can get out of the NAN space, right? The idea isn't to create this agent. You have to be inside of here and use chat all the time. I'll show you how to set up inside of Telegram. But this is something you could easily put into like Slack or even give it its own web app. So that's the overview and the demo. And a question some of you probably have at this point is like, well, why didn't we just create a rag agent with this, right? Like we're doing this transcript synthesis. What if we just took all the transcripts and we just shoved it into a rag system like graph rag? Could we do that? That is something you could do. Frankly, I wanted to keep it simpler. And also, we're not looking necessarily for an agent that's, you know, just going to answer questions about YouTube videos, right? We're trying to create like this miniature personality that's trained on like the general like themes that we get from the videos, right? We're not looking for a Q&A bot where I'm like, "Hey, what did he talk about in this video?" So, I think there's a subtle difference there. Not that Rag would necessarily be wrong, but I think for what our outcome is trying to be, this solves the problem. And again, it's very simple, which makes it a nice sort of like beginner agent for people. So, let's roll through the modules. First one is the form submission. Very simple. We're passing the YouTube channel URL and the number of videos to scrape, right? That's all we need cuz that's where the data is going to come from. Next, we need to get the video URLs, right? Because we need to know what the video URLs are to eventually get the transcript from them. And that's where Ampify is coming in. So, inside the module, what do you need to change? You need to change your API key. So, this will be different from the template. It'll say like your API key here. You're just going to insert it here. And then nothing else should need to be changed. If we look at the JSON payload, you'll see what are we passing? Max results. That's coming from our number of videos to scrape here on the left. And then our start URL, and that's just the channel URL. You'll see here we are also sorting by popular. And as I'll show you here in a second, you have the ability to pull things like shorts if you wanted to, but I think most people would prefer the long form. So, this is something that is editable. And inside of Ampify, this is the actor or the scraper that we're using. Like you said, we can get up to a,000 URLs for a dollar. Pretty cheap. And these are the kind of things you can edit, right? The direct URLs, the number of videos, shorts, streams, and also the filtering. So, you could also change this so it only gets videos after a certain date. Feel free to come inside of Appify and play with this. You can put whatever settings you want, and then come up to the right and do save and start, and it will actually run it for you, and you can be like, "Okay, is this an output I would actually like?" Now, if you've never used Appify before, it's just a marketplace for web scrapers, right? You pay if you do the free tier, they give you they 35 bucks. The next tier is 39 bucks a month. I suggest having Abby. There's a tons of scrapers that are useful. And if you want to get your API key, you're going to go down to the left where it says settings. You're going to go to APIs and integrations and you're going to find it right here. So, make sure you copy that and when you come back inside here, you paste that right here. It's still going to need to say bearer, but it'll be bearer space your API key. So, next we just aggregate all those URLs, right? because we want to pass it as one item to this second actor which is where we get the transcripts again. What do you need to change the API key yet again? And if we take a look at the payload, what is happening here? We pass the URLs here just in one item, right? We're passing all 10 in this case at once, right? That's why we do the aggregate. We don't want it to do it separately every single time. I have a link over here on the left to both scrapers. So the transcript scraper is this guy. $7 per thousand transcripts. And just like with the last one, feel free to play around here and kind of see what outputs you get if you ever wanted to change anything. So once we pull the transcripts, we then bring to this module where we analyze each and every transcript. And what we care about here is the system prompt. Now this is pretty detailed and what we're looking for is essentially like who this person is and what they are about, right? Teaching style, tone, values, all this stuff. It's a pretty detailed system prompt. Feel free to edit it however you wish if you don't like the output, but I think it does a pretty good job of getting what we care about out of each transcript. So, this runs it for every single video. We then put all that analysis into this box with the aggregate module and we send it to the persona creation. And like you saw before, here is our system prompt, right? What is the task? Combine all video analysis into a single coherent persona that represents this creator's knowledge, communication style, and personality. And just like with the last system prompt, this is something you can 100% play with. If you don't like how it sort of sounds, right? If you feel like it indexes too hard and like the personality quirks or whatever and you want something that's a little more robotic and just gives you the facts, you can go ahead and do that. My suggestion is you would just copy paste this whole thing, right? Put it into your AI of choice and if you have issues, just tell it what the issues were and just continue to iterate on it. And from there, we get our output, which is what you see on the right. Now, it's a giant blob of text. Looks ugly to you. The AI is able to look at this just fine. Now, this is what that output looks like just formatted better so we can see it. Right? Persona, Alex Vermoszi, the role in the goal, right? Primary goals, brutally honest, no excuse, actionable advice for entrepreneurs, core knowledge, philosophy, personal development, mindset, key frameworks. It even um scores these depending on how often it sees them in each video. Right? If it sees something over and over again in every single video, it's going to put it at high confidence. So like the value equation, communication style and tone. It even picks up like recurring phrases that it sees over and over again. Personality response generation guidelines, right? All this stuff. It's pretty detailed, right? And this is what we are creating. This is what we really care about. Now once you go through this section and you've created it, now you need to actively do something inside of your workflow. You need to copy this guy, right? just click the um little like documents stacked on top of one another over here on the top right. You're going to go down here to your AI agent. You're going to open up the system message and you're just going to paste it in. Right? This AI agent that we see here, this one that we demoed earlier, it now has the instructions of how to act as our miniature, you know, Alexi adviser or whoever it is you decided you want to create. It's really that easy. So before I show you how to hook this up to Telegram, let's talk really quickly about things you could change or add to kind of give it your own twist. Now, first of all, this AI agent is very simple, right? This is just a chatbot. We haven't added any tools, but you totally could do so. For example, we could add something like the Perplexity tool. Now, our Alexi clone has the ability to actually go out online, research stuff for us, get like live, up-to-date info about whatever it is we're talking about, right? Very easy way to sort of bolster what this agent can do. Just make sure once you add a tool like this, perplexity that you go inside the system prompt and you add somewhere either at the top or bottom saying, "Hey, you now have access to the perplexity tool. Use this tool when x, y, or z." Lastly, understand that this idea of pulling data, synthesizing it into a system prompt about a person and what they think about and believe can be done for someone outside of YouTube or who isn't like a celebrity. Like you could do this for yourself, right? Imagine you are like, you know, you have a team underneath you that's constantly badgering you about questions or frequently asked things. You could totally create an AI agent of yourself trained on your documentation. Even if it's not YouTube, this could be pulling the data from something like Google Drive or some sort of like, you know, um, best practices manifesto that you've written up, you know. So, this sort of idea of having data, analyzing it, turning it into a persona system prompt, and dumping it into an AI agent that we've created down here applies to a ton of different use cases, not just what we demoed today. And I actually created something like this a while ago. It was one of my earlier projects on my AI agency was there was a guy, he was a founder and he essentially wanted a AI agent, trained him all his information that he could not only talk to, but it also like automatically responded to his emails, right? We actually hooked up this AI agent to his Gmail pipeline. So, it worked on a trigger. And when he got emails that had to do with his business, this AI agent would respond, right? It was trained on his stuff, how he wrote, and it would just draft up a response. It wouldn't actually send it for him because he didn't want it to do that. But it had the drafts ready to go, so he could just look at it, make some changes if any, and say, "Hey, go forth and and send it off." Right? That's a really useful use case that you might not have thought about, but takes a lot of the principles that we just demoed here and puts it into action in the real world. So, let's hook this up to Telegram. So, we're going to search for Telegram and then we're going to do a trigger and we're going to do on message down here on the right. Now, we need to connect it to a credential. So, we're going to do create new credential. And if you've never done this before, it's pretty simple, but we can actually walk through it with the Naden documentation. So just click open docs. So Naden has pretty solid documentation across the board and it shows you how to do this step by step. So we're just going to start a new chat with botfather. Enter the new bot command and then follow the instructions from there. So I have botfather pulled up right now inside of telegram and I'm just going to do / newbot and we're going to call this clonebot bot. So it created the new bot. We have the access token right here. So, we're just going to copy that access token. Come back into here. Put that in here. Make sure you name it. We're going to hit save. So, we want it to trigger on message any of the stuff we need. Nope. Now, I'm going to come back inside of here. We'll click on our new bot. We're going to start it. I'm now going to execute step inside of Naden. So, it's listening for data. Oops. Actually, let's say hi. So, we started our bot. I said hi. We're going to come inside of here, hit execute step. There it is. There's all the information we need. I'm going to pin that data. I'm now going to link that into there. Delete this guy. We don't need it anymore. And we just need to make a couple changes, right? So, first we need to change where the prompt is coming from. So, now it's going to come from the user. So, it's going to be JSON.ext. And then we need to change the simple memory. We're then going to go into simple memory. Go to define below. And for the key, we're just going to use the chat ID down here. Just drag that from the left. So chat ID, drag over there, and you're all set. All right. Once we do that, then we need to click over here on the right. Search for Telegram again so it can actually respond to us. And we're going to do send a message. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? There. Send a text message. Make sure we have the correct credential. We're going to click inside the AI agent. just hit execute step so we can see what it would give us, right? Because we need something to pin it. Now, here on the output, we're going to put it inside a text. On Telegram trigger, we need to pass the chat ID. We'll pass it right there. And now, if I hit execute step, we can see it's working. Now, it says the message was automatically sent with Nadn. I don't want that. So, append that. There we go. Now, it's working without that annoying message. And just like that, we now have our Hormosbot inside of Telegram, right? Right on my phone and on my computer. I can ask it whatever I want. Pretty easy. So, that's it for this video, guys. I thought this was a pretty interesting automation, and there's a lot you can do using this general template outside of what we just demoed today. Now, as always, make sure you check out the Chase AI school, right? Tons of free resources there. The Chase AI Plus community is more if you're someone who's trying to make money in the space and is looking to do your own AI agency, right? Step-by-step guides of how to get that up and running and actually land some clients. So, check it out if that sounds like something you're interested in. And as always, I'll see you

=== Is There a New AI Image Model King? (Higgsfield Popcorn Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JNL2MS0LtQ

Higsfield just released Popcorn, which they are claiming is the next nano banana killer. Higsfield claims that Popcorn is better when it comes to character consistency, setting coherence, and even excels when it comes to multi-image prompts. But that's not even Popcorn's real selling point. The real selling point is its storyboard functionality. You can feed it one image, one prompt, and get back up to seven images, all of which are a little bit different, and act as scenes for your story. But are these claims true? And how useful is this tool really? Because as fun as it is to switch the faces of different Hollywood actors in these famous films, does any of that really move the needle for you? If you're an entrepreneur who wants to know, can I use this to help me with marketing? But luckily for you, we're going to be looking at this tool from a marketing perspective. Can we use Popcorn to quickly, cheaply, and effectively create highquality marketing content? Can I give this model an image of my product and have it create both stills and starting frames for videos that I can turn around and actually sell to people? That is the sort of question that's actually worth answering and it's what we are going to dive into today. So, let's get started. Here we are inside of Higsfield Popcorn. Now, what is Higsfield? What is Popcorn? Higsfield is a web app that acts as an aggregator for all these AI content creation applications. Think of Sora, think of one 2.5, BO3, Cream, all that is here. Okay, Higsfield is the one-stop shop for all these things. And Popcorn is their proprietary AI image generator. So if you go inside of Higsfield, I have a link down below. You head to Popcorn, you'll get to this page, and it looks like any other image generator. First, down here at the bottom, we have our place for our prompt. And if you click the button here, the little plus button. That's where you're able to insert your images that you can either edit or essentially iterate off of. So like I alluded to in the intro, I think the real selling point for Popcorn is the storyboard functionality. And so the way it works is I add an original reference image. In this case, I pulled this from Midjourney. It's essentially like a fashion model, right? And let's say I was trying to come up with content ideas using this model. Well, if I was using Nano Banana or Cadream or anything else, I would take the same reference image and I would give it a new prompt for each different scene. I wanted to like, okay, I want you to do a scene where she's drinking the coffee. I want a scene now where she's inside the coffee shop. I want a scene where she's doing a photo shoot. Right? That would have to be done one by one manually and somewhat laboriously. Popcorn allows me to do all that iteration in one go. And there's two ways to do it. The first one is manual. Now, you have eight images total that you can play with, which means if I add one reference image, I can get seven outputs. If I added four reference images, I could get up to four outputs, right? So, you're stuck with the eight. Now, I can manually type in what I want to happen for each photo. Okay? Or I can have that automatically happen and just go to auto and I can just describe what I want in general terms. So in the auto, I'm just saying create a full photo shoot with the model in several different locations. So here's what the output looks like. The first image, she's just kind of staring off the space. So it's a small change from the original, but the rest we do get a big change in the settings, right? We're at the crosswalk. This even has some sort of motion blur. She's on the beach. She's at the subway. You know, her twin showed up in this one, right? Um this might seem like, oh, what's the big deal? But if you've worked with AI content creation at all, this is actually a huge deal because this allows us to have some speed when we actually start trying to create these assets. The thing that takes the most time when you're creating any sort of AI marketing material is the original image. Whether you're going to take that first image and just keep it as a still and use that as marketing material itself or take that first image and turn it into a video, this starting image has to be good. If it's not good, everything falls apart. And to make it good, often times you have to take this original image and if let's say you're nano banana, do prompt A, prompt B, prompt C, rerun it, rerun it, rerun it. It takes a long time for you to be able to see, you know, a 100 different versions of what you think you might want to use. This speeds up that creative process tremendously, which can't be understated. And like I said before, we just gave it a single prompt. We could have gone ahead and gave it a specific prompt for all seven. And it's really easy to do that. I would suggest going to something like Claude and being like, "Hey, here's the starting image. Give me seven different scene descriptions for this model and then you could just copy paste them in here." So, you've seen popcorn in action. Now, let's use an actual product and compare it to Nano Banana and Seed Dream and see how each of them do. Does popcorn live up to the hype? Now, for the product, we're going to be using this, which is Max Gummies. It's a creatine gummy company I actually created with my brother recently and we're right now in the process of trying to create marketing material using AI. And so I think it's a great case study cuz I think a lot of people watching this are in the same place, right? You're an entrepreneur, you're a small business, you want to use AI to help with marketing and keep costs low, but is it going to be effective? Are these going to be legit? Can you use it? And I think this is a good one because hey, this packaging, this isn't out in the world all over the place. I'm not doing examples with Coca-Cola, you know, where it's seen it 10 billion times. It knows what it should look like. It's never seen this before. Further, it's kind of difficult, right? Lots of little text, lots of little icons. How is that going to translate in the AI editing process? Let's see. So, here's the prompt I gave Popcorn. I said, "Create a hyperrealistic image, make it UGC content, change the background to a gym." And I gave it the image you just saw and also this image, right? Taken from my actual kitchen. And here are the images it gave us. Remember, I gave it two reference images, so at most it could only give me six in one run. So, we see it right on a bench. We see kind of a macro shot. Now, the macro shot will be interesting cuz how does the text look? Dietary supplement looks okay. Gummies. It's kind of like bent and crinkled, but the big text it gets, right? This is harder to see, but it's I would say it's good enough, right? Like your eye kind of just glances over it. Like, if you saw something like this on an Amazon storefront, would you think twice? probably not, right? We got this here. You can see kind of like creatine powder. And again, I think the best part about this is is the fact that I see so many options, right? Because I can look at one of these and then start iterating off of it. Down here, you can see the same prompt, but we said to do it in a kitchen. Um, some of these are okay, right? This added a new sticker. The text isn't great here. This image looks a little flat. Um, this randomly has it inside of the sink for whatever reason, but overall solid. My mind isn't blown on these kitchen ones. I do like the gym ones a little bit better, especially with some of the lighting, like you know, almost like the smoky deal they got going on here. And so, here's the same prompt UGC kitchen shots from Seedream. These four are Seedream. Again, I'm inside of Hakesfield here. So, not bad. I think the quality actually looks a little bit higher. Um, like this crinkle thing does pretty good job. And if we zoom in, the text is decent at the start and then it kind of falls apart halfway through. Um, you know, that's kind of the problem if you try to do a really high quality, high fidelity image with a lot of small text that can kind of pop out. They actually added a person in this one. Um, but all these are decent. Now, right away, Seamream versus um popcorn. I I think the quality is kind of just pretty much the same. You could kind of go either way. I feel like you're splitting hairs there. So, I I wouldn't say popcorn's like blowing them out of the water. And then up here is Nano Banana. Now, let's take a closer look at this one and look at the text. The text and Nano Banana is the best at them when it comes to text. And even it struggles with the small text you see here. It gets the big stuff right. But you will notice same thing with Nano Banana as you see down here. They're all kind of sy right on the kitchen counter. This has like the hand like Cream mixes up a little bit more, but Nano Banana especially is like very similar, right? Like pretty clear shot of the image on a counter blurred background. They're all the same. And you compare that with popcorn and you see you're getting a bit more variety, right? They're not all the same kitchen shot. They're not all the same gym shot. And even more, I have the ability to go into manual and like really specify what I want to see. And I did some more testing up here. And I will say when it comes to popcorn, it can struggle with the text, right? It did a decent job with the Mac stuff. But look at this, you know, the watch. Like what is that? What is the text on here? That stuff can get incoherent very quickly. I noticed that. Um, similar similarly with Cadream. Again, Nano Banana does a pretty good job with text in my experience. But that kind of brings me back to my original point, which is like what is Popcorn really buying us? Because let's be honest, quality here, quality there, quality here. Like, it's all pretty much the same, right? I'm not blown away by like the shot versus shot quality of popcorn versus Cream versus Nana Banana. They're all They're all pretty much there, which then it's like, okay, like why why would I choose one or the other? And I think it comes to the storyboard thing, the ability to do great variety at scale, at speed. So, with all that being said, what are my final thoughts on popcorn? Well, here's what I think. I think if you compare image to image, Nana Banana to Seed Dream to Popcorn, I can't really tell the difference. I'll be honest with you. I think they're all solid. I think these are all neck andneck. And if you choose one out of the other, you're really down to personal preference, right? We're splitting hairs. Big picture though, the storyboard thing is really nice. So, if you had to choose like one thing to use, I would probably use popcorn because of this, right? It's just going to make it easier for me to create images at scale and choose one that I like to actually create marketing material down the line. Is that worth it for you? That's something only you can answer. Right? If you're just trying to make one-off images, then it's probably just like a tossup. Like you don't really care about the storyboard thing. But if you're someone who's really like into AI marketing, I think there's a ton of value here, right? And the value isn't like, oh, it's just a little bit better character consistency. Like, is it though? Is it? I don't know. I think you could prompt your way to pretty much anything with all three. So, it comes down to sort of the output infrastructure that Popcorn gives you that these don't. And also remember, I'm doing this inside of Higsfield, which means I can spin up Seedream and have it spit out four at a time, right? Same thing with Nano Banana. If I'm on Gemini, that's a little bit harder. So, that's another thing to consider. So, overall, solid product. Really like it. Hope it continues to get better. And I think it's just a good thing for the AI community that there continues to be competition like this, right? We don't want to be stuck with just one competitor, two competitor. Keep them coming, right? It makes everyone better and it usually drops prices for us. So, you know, definitely check it out. I'm pretty sure Higsfield um is allowing you to do it for free. Again, link down below. See how it works for you. Um, and yeah, I'll see you guys

=== Your No Code AI Receptionist Is Here (n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8evYjk8vXtI

Hello, thanks for calling Chase AAI Jim. Are you an existing member or are you looking to sign up? >> Existing member. And what's the availability for Friday the 17th? >> Sure. One moment while I check that for you. On Friday, October 17th, we have a few slots open. There's an hour available from 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. Then a 4-hour block from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. and finally another hour from 400 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. >> Uh, can we do the first one in the morning? So, 9 to 10. >> Absolutely. To book that for you, I'll need your first name, last name, and email address. >> Uh, email address is chasemith.com. First name chase, last name Smith. Perfect. One moment while I lock that in for you. All right, Chase. Your appointment for Friday, October 17th, from 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. has been successfully booked. You should receive a confirmation email at chasesmith.com shortly. >> Um, actually, can we modify that? I don't want the first one in the day, and I want the last appointment of the day. So, move the 9 to 10 appointment to the 4 to 5 slot. Let me get on that for you. No problem at all. Your appointment has been successfully moved to Friday, October 17th from 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. You'll receive an updated confirmation shortly. >> Actually, last thing. Um, can we just cancel that appointment? I don't want to do it anymore. >> Sure. Let me take care of that for you. Your appointment for Friday, October 17th from 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. has been successfully cancelled. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? >> No, that's it. Thanks. So, what you just heard right there was our AI voice agent acting as a receptionist in action, and it was able to do quite a lot for us. It was able to check availability. It was able to book appointments, modify appointments, cancel appointments, and get caller information like their name and email. Now, the only thing I didn't demo there was us being able to onboard a new client and actually put them into a CRM and grab account information about particular callers, which we will demo later in this video. And for the rest of this video, I'm going to show you how to create this exact same AI voice agent that can act as a receptionist. I'm going to show you how to set up a phone number using Twilio. I'm going to show you how to coordinate everything inside of 11 Labs so we actually get that voice functionality. And lastly, I'm going to show you how to connect all these pieces together inside of NADN so we can actually have it call tools and execute things on our behalf. That's a whole lot to cover. We don't have a lot of time. So, let's just hop into it. So, you saw the demo. You know what the final output looks like. Now, let's take a very highle approach and understand how these three disparate systems are working together to actually create this voice agent for us. And those three systems are NAND, 11 Labs, and Twilio. Now, Twilio is what does the phone number, right? because we need some way to actually call this agent. 11 Labs is where all the voice stuff happens, right? This is where we choose the voice. This is where we tell it, hey, this is the phone number you're associated with and this is sort of like the system message and the logic for how you should flow through a conversation. And lastly is NAND. And Naden is what allows us to actually execute these tools, right? Think about it. What was our agent doing in that demo? Well, it was going inside of Google Calendar, checking what was available, making new events, modifying, canceling events, all that stuff. Well, it can't do that natively through 11 Labs, right? It needs a way to go from 11 Labs to Google Calendar or Sheets or Air Table, whatever your CRM is. How do you do that? You do that with NAN. It's the connective tissue of this AI voice receptionist. So, it's very important for you to understand how all these systems actually interact. And so for this video, we're going to start inside 11 Labs, which is sort of the meat and potatoes of this. So 11 Labs, you do voice agents. You can sign up for a free trial. I suggest doing the $5 a month plan. It's pretty cheap and it gets you at least 60 minutes. And so it gives you enough to actually play around this and test it in the real world without throwing hundreds of dollars at it. And so when you start off with 11 Labs, it will look like this. Go ahead and log in. Over here on the top left, if you don't see this exact screen, you'll see something that says creative platform. This is where you can kind of like test different voices out. And then you have the agents platform, which is where we are going to be today. I'm going to want you to go to the left, go to agents. You're going to go to new agent, and you're going to go ahead and do a blank agent. Now, over the next 10 minutes or so, I'm going to be giving you a bunch of system prompts and tools and things you need to copy down. Understand, there's a one-stop shop for all those things, and it's inside of my school. There's a link down below. There'll be places where you can copy and paste the system prompt, the tool messages, all of that. You will also get the template for this. So you don't need to set this up from scratch. Again, all you need to do go down to the comments, go to the free school, sign up, look for a post that says something like AI receptionist, right? You'll see the template. Download it. Go on to NAND new canvas. Go to import from file. You'll see this guy and it'll be set up just like that. Again, totally free. Once you do all that, come back into 11 Labs and let's work through this one step at a time. Agent language will be English or whatever it is for you. Additional language. Then we have our first message here. What's the first message? That's just what the agent is going to say when it gets called, right? Hello, how can I help you today? For mine, it was asking, "Hey, are you an existing member or a new member inside of the Chase AI gym?" Next, we have our system prompt. Again, you can just copy paste this from the school. But let me explain what's going on. First of all, you'll see this broken down into a few different sections. Personality, environment, tone, goal, guardrails, and tools, as well as some logic rules. So, this is based on 11 Labs best practices for creating their system prompts. They actually hook you up. There's a section right here. Just describe the type of agent you're trying to make and it will optimize the prompt for you. So, you don't even need to copy paste this. If you don't want the exact thing I'm using, it'll pretty much do it for you. You can give it some crappy prompt saying, "Hey, it's a, you know, dental assistant, personal assistant, whatever, right? It'll spit this out for you." Now, the big things you want to think about are what is the goal? What are you actually trying to do with this thing? And then the tools because again, this is just like a system prompt inside of an AI agent in NADN, right? The system message is what defines the logic for how this thing's going to navigate the conversations because what's really happening on the back end? Well, it's just taking your voice and it's sending it to a large language model, bringing back the response and then spitting it out audibly, right? There's nothing magic happening under the hood here at 11 Labs. And so again, the big thing are going to be the tools. What are they and what do they do? We have a number of them here, right? I'll zoom in a bit. We have check availability, book appointments, cancel appointments, modify appointments, get user bookings, get clients, and add clients. This is something that will change depending on your use case. This is an appointment setter for all intents and purposes inside of Google Calendar. So, this is kind of what I broke down of what it needs to be able to do, right? Needs to know open time slots. We needed to book things. We needed to cancel things, modify things. We also need the ability to get user bookings, right? Because if I want to cancel or modify something, I need to know what the first booking was to begin with. Not to mention, we need to pass certain things like a event ID. And then this get clients and add clients. This will be going into Google Sheets. This is sort of the intro to combining this with your CRM, right? Perhaps it's not Google Sheets, right? It's probably not. It might be something like Air Table, Go Highle, you know, HubSpot, anything. This is a tool for that. Next, dynamic variables. You don't need to worry about that. Then we have our large language model. So, this is what is working under the hood to actually like call tools and do all those things. So, there's a number of different ones here. There is a price associated with each one. It's not very expensive. I suggest going with Gemini 2.5 Flash at a minimum. Feel free to experiment. It's very simple, right? You just go in here and you just switch them up, right? So, play around with that. They'll have their own little idiosyncrasies. Don't worry about this. Don't worry about this. Deterministic is fine. Knowledge base. So, we have the ability to add an agent knowledge base. Think of it as like a mini rag or something that's kind of an add-on to the system prompt. So, if I wanted this receptionist to have like a, you know, FAQ document to look at because if people called it, they're like, "Hey, like what's uh what are the gym's hours, right? Um what is your philosophy with personal training? Are you open on the weekends?" Right? You could have a whole document that hits on these things and you would just add it here and it automatically deals with it. Next, we have our tools. These are the default tools native to 11 Labs. So there's no need to like set up some sort of API or whatever. So for example, the end call tool that now has the ability to just end the call with the user. Whether it feels like the conversations are done or you added additional guard rails, it can do this. You're going to have it detect languages, right? Maybe you're dealing with something that's more like bilingual. You can click that, etc., etc. At the very least, give it the end call. Next up, we have the custom tools. Now, these custom tools are going to relate to the this guy, right? Each of these is a custom tool. So, what you're going to have to do next is painstakingly follow what I'm doing, add exactly what I'm doing, hook up all these web hooks because this is where the magic sort of happens with the tool calls and being able to have an agent that can actually do something. But, it is kind of brutal. It's kind of painful to do all this manually. But, no way around it. You want your AI receptionist, you're going to have to do this. But understand once you add those tools, you only have to do it once. So, you know, I've already added tools in the past, so I just click add tool. And you can see I have everything set up. You know, easy for me, not so easy for you. What we're going to do now is we're going to add all those tools. So, we're going to go to add tool. You're going to add web hook tool. And I'm going to move over here for the rest of the video. And you can kind of see how this works, right? You're going to name that tool. So, right, we could do something like um set booking, right? And the description would be just what it sounds like. Hey, you set bookings. Then you see something here that says method get in. And the URL, this URL is what is going to come from uh NAN and I'll show you how to do that in a second. Then we have a bunch of options here like do you want to disable interruptions? Do you want response timeout, pre-tool speech, execution mode? For most of these things, we're going to stick with auto and immediate. Again, you can play around with that later. The next thing is query parameters. This is something you need to really understand. What is a query parameter? So, I'm the AI receptionist, right? And I need to call a tool that allows me to do bookings, right? It's going to use this tool we're working on right here. What does 11 Labs need to send NAND to properly execute that tool, right? If it wants to book a new event, what information does NAND need? That's going to depend on each individual tool, right? It's going to be different. Sometimes it just needs an email. Sometimes it needs start times, right? When does it start? When does it end? Right? Do we need to know have a greater description? Right? Do we need the AI to figure out what we're talking about and then have a custom description for each event that's created? These are questions only you are going to know the answer to depending on what your receptionist actually does. But I say all that for you to understand whatever needs to be sent to NAND for it to do its job for that particular tool. That's going to be done here in the query parameter. This is used defining what will be passed to NADN. And to do that we're gonna do add parameter. So, let's say for example, we're setting up, you know, the booking times, right? We want to create a new event. So, what would be something we need to send? Well, we probably need to send a start time. Makes sense. Then, you're going to have an LLM prompt. So, you have different value prompts. Usually, it's just going to be an a large language model prompt. And so, you're going to say like, "Hey, start time of the event." And what is it going to do? It's going to listen to the conversation and say, "Oh, he said he wanted to start it at 7 a.m." Boom. That's going to be the start time. 7 a.m. is what will be passed. You will then continue to do that for each and everything that must be passed. So, if there's a start time, there must be an end time. What's this going to be called? End time of the event. You could even specify like this will always be 1 hour later than the start time. Right? You see what I'm getting at? you understand kind of this flow because it's important you do. You need to be able to internalize this. This this is how Naden and 11 Labs talk. And if you don't understand that, your agent's going to suck and you're going to complain to me why it doesn't work. Furthermore, you have the ability to edit as JSON, right? You see all of this, right? Makes it a little easy. Guess what's going to be in the school for each and for each one of these tools because I'm so nice. I'm going to give you the JSON for each and every one of these tools. So, you can go in, go to add a new tool, go to switch to form, copy and paste what I give you, and it will all be set up. But you will need to change some things. Well, really, you need to change one thing, and that is going to be the URL right here. See all those numbers? You're going to have to edit that for yours specifically. Where do we find it? Well, when I go inside here, you should have already gotten the template and uploaded this. You'll see something like this. Obviously, you need to connect your accounts to like, you know, all the calendars and stuff, but what you're going to need is you're going to need the web hook that is associated with each one. So, let's say you're working on the get the check availability tool, right? You went to the school, you got the JSON, you pasted it in. Now you need to go to the corresponding you know tool check availability. Click on web hook. Go to production URL. Copy that. Come back here where it says URL. Paste it in there. Right. I have now successfully hooked up that tool in NADN to this tool inside of 11 Labs. It knows who to call. Right. And again everything else will be filled out for you. Now, speaking of NADN and this hook, like what's actually being passed, like what's actually going on here? Well, let's go ahead in executions and look at one we recently did in the demo. So, right here, look at this right up here. Check availability. So, I'm going to copy this to editor and we can actually take a look at what's going on here. So, web hook, right? This is what's getting called from 11 Labs. Hey, they want to make an event, right? Boom. This gets info. Next, it goes here to get many events because we need to check the availability first, right? So if I click inside here, we can see on the left what is passed and right um it's going to be I'll move over here for a second. You see this right here the query parameters query start time end time. Remember query parameters here they are in the flesh start time end time. Why do we need that? Because well if we want to get events what's the time frame? Hey right here after before end time start time. And so because we passed those particular parameters, it is then able to look in the calendar at that specific time and date and then give us the following information here on the right. And you can see the events it was able to pull. And so it's able to say, okay, for Friday the 17th, these are the events that are happening, right? We got the one-on-one with Bob Smith at this time. Um, we got the one-on-one with Terry, right? So what else is happening here? Well, we needed to check availability, correct? So it's not good enough for me to know that there's two events during this day. I don't want the date, the times that are blocked off. I want the times that are open. So that's what happens in this aggregate node in the code node. So it takes the blocks that have already been blocked off, right? Those two events. And then through code, it's able to say, hey, I want to know what the availability is between 9 and 5, but we have events at 10 and 11 and two and four. All right, let me give you this final response, which is what you see over here on the right, which is the available slots. All right, probably ran through that pretty quick for some of you. Might want to watch that a few times to kind of get what's happening, but real quick, 11 Labs has a conversation, has the query parameters for this tool, which is a start time and end time. In order for us to find what's available, it then goes through this whole process, which at the end is finally sent back to 11 Labs. So, 11 Labs ending calendar logic response sent back to 11 Labs and then you here on the other end of the line. Yeah, these are the times available and that logic is repeated throughout all of these tools, right? There's nothing you should have to edit particularly to get working what you saw in the demo. You just need to connect your accounts. But understand that logic is the same, right? If we look at all these web hooks, we can see here on the right under query all the different things we're sending for each particular tool. And this time we also send the email, right? for modify appointments, right? We have the start time, end time, and event ID. Why for why do we send the event ID? Well, if I look at the modify appointments module, what does it need? It needs the event ID. So, if you were to create something like this from scratch or edit it on your own, right? What you need to do is you need to understand, well, what tool, what module inside of NAN, what does it need to work? In this case, the event ID. And then you would go back inside of 11 Labs and say, "Hey, guess what query parameter we need for update and event ID." So now you should have an okay understanding of like how these custom tools work and what's going on under the hood. Now, I'm not going to go through each and every one of these and explain module by module what they're doing and why. It's going to take forever, but they're all pretty much the same, right? Name, description, and then the web hook URL, which is the production URL for the corresponding tool inside of NN. And then it has the query parameters which is we have beaten to death by now. So you should know with the custom tools and what I'm giving you how they work. Now the next question you should have is like okay Chase I get that for the custom tools you built. What is the step-by-step process of creating one that's not a custom tool that you made? Right? Like I want to do my own thing. I have my own CRM. Like how would I actually do that from scratch? Well let me show you. So you're going to start inside of NAN, right? So let's say for this example, we want to be able to give our AI receptionist the ability to create drafted emails, right? So I'm going to go to web hook. Importantly for respond, you're going to go to use using respond to web hook. Then if I want to create a draft, we're going to go to Gmail, create a draft. And what do we see inside here? Well, we see two things that we need to fill out, right? What are these going to be? These are going to be the query parameters, right? The subject and the message. Now, when you do this for the first time, like you're in the setup phase, just put something here. You don't want these errored out yet. Eventually, we will map them, but we can't map them yet. That's all you need to do. Then you're going to go to web hook, respond to web hook. That's it. Right now, go back in here. Go to production. Copy. Save. Go to 11 Labs. Now, go to add tool. Add web hook tool. Put in your URL. Right name. We're going to call this email draft. um draft emails and then write two query parameters. What do we have? We have the message. If you forget, you can look back in here, right? Subject and message. So, message body of the email draft, right? Required add parameter um subject title of the email. Can't type right. Boom. That's it. Now, we want to take this tool, make sure we add it to the system prompt. We got email test here. Make sure you save it. Then, you're going to go to test AI agent. Now, we're going to run it through the new tool. It's going to fail. >> Are you an existing member or are you looking to sign up? >> Yeah. Can you do an email draft? Call the subject test. And for the message, just just put this is a test message and use your email draft tool. >> Sure. Let me get on that for you. Okay. I've drafted an email with the subject test and the message this is a test message. Is there anything else I can help you with today? >> No, that's it. So now let's go and do executions and see if that actually did it. Boom. Right here we have an error as expected. If we go over here, what do we see? We see an error. So now we do debug and editor. And if I click inside here, we'll now see here on the left, right? All right. What do we see? We see those query parameters, right? Subject and message. Now I can go inside where it says subject and paste that in. Same thing with message. Put that in there as well. Right? So you kind of see what we did there, right? We created the template inside of NADN. We then tested it so we could get these query parameters sent in the web hook. And even though it failed, we now have the query parameters that we can now map. So now from now on whenever I say, "Hey, create a draft." It'll do it for real, right? Because now everything's set up and it's properly mapped, right? And that um step-by-step process of like creating it in NAN, setting up the tool inside of 11 Labs, doing a test even though it fails, and then coming back inside here and mapping it, that is the process by which you create any tool inside of 11 Labs. Okay? So no matter what you're trying to do, just follow those steps. So that's all I have to teach you when it comes to the tools, right? And that's about like 80% of the problem you have to solve. Right? This is if you understand this, you'll be able to make whatever voice AI agent you want. Now, let's quickly run through the rest of the stuff we need to cover. So, up top, we have workflow. This is brand new. This came out like a week ago. You can essentially create like flowcharts that dictate what sub agents are working inside this receptionist. And you can tell honestly, it's really cool. I tried it for this video. It just isn't there yet. Um, but just know that's something coming down the pipe with 11 Labs. Over here is the voice. This is where you can choose whatever voice you want. You can search for voices. You can test them out, right? There's like thousands of voices on 11 Labs. So, go crazy. Make sure you have flash on streaming latency, stability, speed, and similarity. Play around with these, right? It kind of depends on the voice. These are the settings that I liked for my particular receptionist. Mess with it. Analysis, don't worry about that. Tests, don't worry about that. Security. Now, this is where you can enable certain overrides for things. We're not going to do any client data initiation. What we are going to do is we are going to do a post call web hook. This is going to allow us once a call ends to download the entire transcript, right? Or and get certain information that we want from the call and like put it inside a CRM or whatever. So, to do this, you're just going to do select web hook. You're going to do create web hook and then you're going to paste in your web hook over here inside of NADN. Guess what? I already got it ready for you. See post call data right here. Click that. Copy your production URL. You're going to paste it in here. Call it whatever. Go to create. Then you can do close. Now jumping back to NAND and the post call web hook. What are we actually getting here? It's really just a transcript. So it actually gives you a playby-play of what's actually spoken. Um it's a lot of information. You see I continue to scroll, but at the bottom there is some useful information if you don't want to have to cipher through all of that. And it's the transcript summary, right? Right? So, it gives you like a sentence or two of what you actually talked about. And in fact, on this tool, you see it goes from that post called web hook inside of Google Sheets. So, we have it set up here where you can connect it to your Google Sheets account and it's just going to go in there and get pasted in there. Now, do you need it to be Google Sheets? No. Just understand this is sort of a placeholder for your CRM, right? You probably want to have all the information about your calls put somewhere. In this case, it records the email, the phone number, and the call summary. again, switch out Google Sheets for whatever you want to use. Then we have things like turn timeout. All this stuff is pretty self-explanatory to be honest. There's a zero PII retention mode. So, if you're doing something where you essentially want to anonymize certain client data, um you can select this. And then lastly, they have widgets. So, if this is something that you want to put onto your website as well, you literally can just copy paste this bit of code, put it into your web page, and you'll see something just like you see down here on the bottom right for people when they go onto your website to start a call and they'll talk with your receptionist. And that's pretty much it for 11 Labs and really NN. We'll touch on a couple last second NN stuff. Now, for the last part, let's talk about Twilio. Like, how do you get a phone number associated with this thing? So, you're just going to go to twilio.com, login, create an account. This will cost a little bit of money. Uh when you go into your profile, you can set up billing. Honestly, anywhere from $10 to $20 is more than enough because we are going to have to buy a phone number for you for this particular receptionist. You could always set up call forwarding. And that's going to cost you like two bucks a month and then some amount of usage. Again, very, very small. But once you log in, you'll get into a page that looks like this. You're going to go to the left. You're going to go to phone numbers and go to manage. Go to active numbers. You'll come to the top right. You'll go to buy a number. And then you quite literally just find a number you would like and you buy it. Once you've bought the number, you can come back to active numbers. You'll see it here. But what you really want to do is you want to go back to your account dashboard. And where it says account SID, I want you to copy that. We're going to go back into 11 Labs. On the left hand side of the screen, you're going to see phone numbers. I'll move this over a little bit. Phone numbers. Go to import number from Twilio. Label it. Paste the number in. And then you're going to put in your account SID that we just copied. Then you're going to import it. And then you're just going to assign it to the agent you just created. That's it. Your phone number is all set up. If you head back to your agent, you will see that phone number reflected up here. So you know it's actually connected and you can test it by just calling it. Now the last thing I'm going to show you and we kind of alluded to it a little bit was like the CRM stuff, right? This post called data. See how we shoved this into Google Sheets? Well, we can do the same thing with any sort of tool, right? So, what you see here in the bottom are the get clients and the ad clients. So, like you heard in the phone call that we had, like we have the ability to have our receptionist like again play with every program it wants and actually put in data. So, we'll demo this right now. I'm going to call the agent. We're going to have it create a new account for us. >> Hello. Thanks for calling Chase AI Gym. Are you an existing member or are you looking to sign up? >> I'd like to sign up. >> Sure. Let me get on that for you. Could I please get your first name, last name, email, and phone number? >> Yeah, first name is going to be Bob, last name James. Email is going to be bobjames.com. >> Perfect. One moment while I lock that in. Got it. You're all signed up, Bob. Your account balance is 10,000. Is there anything else I can help you with today? >> No, that's it. Thanks. So you can see, hey, automatically put the information in there. If we jump back into um NAN, we can take a look at the executions and kind of see what happened, right? Copy to editor. What do we see down here? Right? Append row in sheet. And what do you see all right here? Right? Last name, first name, email, phone number. And that is reflected in again the query parameters. So the same thing we've been talking about with these query parameters and how it dealt with Google calendar and these Google things, right? Same thing for sheets, same thing for whatever program you're using. And so that's the AI voice agent reception as lesson guys. We actually covered quite a bit, right? How to get a phone number in Twilio, how to set up 11 Labs, how these NAND tools work, how they all connect, how to create new ones from scratch, right? And it is pretty complicated at first, but once you do a few of these, you'll really get into a flow. Now, the last thing I'll kind of mentioned is let's talk a little bit about latency. And what you probably saw in the demo is usually anywhere from a 2 to 3 second latency thing. This is a function of tool calling. Understand that when you're dealing with voice agents, you're always going to be walking the tight rope between how much work can it do versus how long is this going to take and how quick is it going to respond. Because remember, every time you have it do something, it's going to naden, which isn't going to another place, bringing it back to you to then have a call, right? And so there is always going to be a little bit of a lag. This is something they are constantly improving, but there are things you can do to alleviate it. And a lot of that is going to be inside of the system prompt and keeping it tight and making it very specific how you want those tools used. Because if you give it a crappy system prompt, then you're just like, "Hey, here's a bunch of tools. Good luck." Well, then that's just more brain power, more tokens that the large language model has to use to figure out what it even needs to do. So, always understand that's a balancing act and we want it to not only be fast, we want it to be effective. So, those are always things to keep in mind. And lastly, again, make sure you check out the school. All these resources are on the free one. And if you're ready to kind of take it up a notch, get more support and kind of dive into like the AI agency side of it, like how to actually make money with these things, u make sure to check out the Chase AI plus community. So, good luck with this and I'll see you

=== n8n's NEW Workflow Builder Instantly Creates AI Agents (full tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfgsLN6EJW8

So, NADN finally did it and released their own prompt to workflow generator, meaning you can now log into NAND, describe what type of AI agent or automation you want to build and it builds it for you. Now, this is something that the NAND community has been asking for for a really long time. And up until now, the only way to do anything like this was to use a bunch of thirdparty tools like Cloud Code, Sonnet 4.5, and the NAND MCP server all in conjunction. And while that was a viable option, it required a little bit of technical know-how. So having the ability to just log into Naden, type in what you want and have it built all in one place is a huge boon for people who don't want to go through all the technical steps to get something like Cloud Code up and running. Now, while this option will be more convenient, will it be any good? And in this video, we're going to go ahead and answer that question as we put their new workflow builder through a series of tests, seeing how it does with easy, medium, and hard difficulty workflows. And then we'll actually compare it side to side with what we were able to build using Cloud Code. So with that, let's hop in and get to testing. So, here's what the prompt builder looks like when you log into NADN for the first time and open up a new workflow inside of the canvas. Now, let's go over a few caveats. First, you need to be on the Naden cloud. This is not available if you are self-hosting. Secondly, you need to be on version 1.115 or later. So, if you are on the cloud but you don't see it, make sure you upgrade your NAN instance. Third, this works on a credit system. Every time I ask this thing to create a new automation or agent, that's one credit. If you're on the trial, you get 20 credits. If you're on the starter plan, 50 credits, pro plan, 150 credits. So, it's not unlimited automations that I can create. And we're also limited to the Nitin cloud instance. So, with those caveats in mind, those restrictions, let's now see it in action. So, right away, you see these pre-built automations and agents right here. So, if I click on something like uh daily AI news digest, which I would consider an easy to create automation, it just puts in the prompt for us. So, it says, "Fetch the latest AI news every day at 8. I want you to summarize the top five stories from multiple sources and then send everything as a structured Telegram message. I should be able to chat about the news with the LLM." So, at least 40 last messages should be stored. So, this is almost something similar to the AI newsletters that we have often run these systems through as a test, right? We did that with Claude Code a few weeks ago. So, let's hit create workflow and see what it actually builds. So, here's what it made for us. And on the right side of the screen, you see this Naden AI build situation automatically populate. Right? There used to be an ask thing where you could ask it usually if you had errors and it give you some suggestions. Now we have the option for the build and that's what we're using and that's what's consuming credits. So you can see we have a prompt up here on the top right. And then from there it goes through its like checklist of searching nodes, getting nodes, details, adding nodes, etc. This looks very familiar to kind of cloud code, right? where it creates its little like checklist of what it's going to do and then it knocks it off one by one. So it went through all these created the nodes and all that and then it gives us a guide of how to actually set it up because for many people right you can get this and they get a little confused. Okay, like what do I actually do now to get it working. So you know it wants us to actually do placeholder values for the API endpoint. So it didn't actually find us new sources which is kind of a bummer. It just sort of templated it for us. We actually have to go out there and figure out what sources we want. We need to set up our Telegram chat ID, add our Open AI credentials, right? Basically saying, "Hey, like actually add your credentials and then it goes through how to actually use it, right? Works at 8 a.m. creates all this stuff blah blah blah blah blah." So, let's kind of go through it in a little more detail and see if it's any good. So, if we look at the AI news sources again, you know, these are just placeholders that we are going to have to put in there. It then has some code of like actually aggregating it all. and then summarize the top five news stories. We have to put in the model and it just stuffs everything into a user prompt. It then generates an image. For whatever reason, decides to use Dolly 3 instead of GBT image 1, which is kind of a bummer. And then the prompt says create a professional eye-catching image representing today's top AI news. So my question with this would be like, well, how does it actually know what today's top AI news is? It it doesn't, right? So this is something that you would need to feed right whatever the output is here into this. So that's a misstep. Formatting looks fine. And then Telegram looks fine. And then over here you also have the actual chat bot. So like once it gets the news then you can actually talk to it. Why you would need to talk to it about the news I don't know but that's how it's set it up. Now let's see what happens if we just tell it like hey I want you to pick the news sources for me. I don't want to find them myself. So we get this working option. And if you hit stop as it's working, that won't count as a credit. Now, if I let this go through again, that would be credit number two for me. Okay, so we change it to three sources that don't require an API. I have set up all my credentials. So, let's actually test it out and see if it works. So, we're just going to go to execute workflow. So, right away, we get an error. And it's an error with our source. So, it's having trouble with the Reddit section, which was kind of expected. So, I mean, I'm not going to fix that because really I've kind of seen what I need to see from the prompt builder when it comes to the easy type of workflows and automations. And that is 80% solution probably at best, right? We're going to have to go in here. We're going to have to make some edits to the sources. We're going to have to make some edits to the generate AI image logic. So, I'm not blown away by how it's done, but I'm not extremely disappointed because truth be told, this is a solid template, a solid skeleton from which you can build what you need to build, right? Um, I wish it was a little more fleshed out considering that this was one of the pre-built ones and also like what's the point of this chatbot? Like that's kind of nonsensical. But let's now see how it does on a more difficult workflow, something that requires it to think outside the box and one that isn't a pre-made one. So for our second test, we're going to have it create like a content creation AI agent. So it's going to be able to take in a user query. I want it to do research for your perplexity on that topic and then come up with articles and copy fit for Twitter, LinkedIn, and a blog post. So, I want to be able to do like three different versions of it. And if prompted, I want the agent to be able to email it to me as well. Now, what I actually did here is I went to Claude and I had it create this entire prompt that was much more detailed. Problem was, there is a limit to the amount of characters you can send to this prompt builder. Um, it's about 950ish. So, I wasn't able to do the really long prompt with tons of details. So, we're sticking with this one, which is a little less precise. So another sort of guardrail that you need to keep in mind when using this. But let's see how it does. So here's what it created. And on first glance, this looks good. So we have our chat model. We have perplexity. Now when I click into perplexity, I will say why is there no message here? So that's kind of disappointing, right? At the very least, I would have expected it to do this. So at least define it automatically by the model or even better yet actually have written out what the text should be cuz right now the tool doesn't even know how it should be used. So that's kind of a bummer. I have to go inside of there. Gmail tool. See, it did from AI here as well. Um, and kind of went even more detailed with it, but for whatever reason, it didn't do that with Perplexity. So, now let's take a look at the system message and see how it did. So, it says, "You're a content research and creation assistant. Use Perplexity tool. Create three versions." Okay. And a blog post. After creating all the content, use a Gmail tool to email all three versions to the user. Format the email. Okay. So, pretty good. Let's see how it actually works. So, let's open the chat. So, I told it to create an article on AI and content creation. So, let's take a look at the final output. So, here's what it emailed us. We see the Twitter post right here. Then, we get the blog post, but we're not seeing any LinkedIn post. So, it only gave us two out of the three items we actually asked for. What I'm seeing here is kind of similar to what we saw with the newsletter/news aggregator. 80% solution, maybe 70% solution. So you get kind of the skeleton, but it's really on you to go back in there and actually tweak it to get something you want. But like you have the bones for what you asked for. And so that was with I would say two fairly simple versions, right? We had the automation and an agent. Now I'm really interested in seeing how it works on something actually difficult. So we're going to use the same hard one that we used in the last two cla um videos and that is a pretty complicated like LinkedIn job scraper. So here's the prompt. We're saying big picture, this automation is meant to help people land jobs by scraping LinkedIn jobs boards via Appify, identifying hiring managers of the jobs, then crafting custom messages for those managers. The automation should begin with the user filling out a form, identifying the job they want. Based on that, screen length in jobs via Appify, then bring the jobs back to the user. User chooses the job he likes. From there, find the hiring managers. Create custom email draft for each. So, pretty complicated, right? You the user, you're trying to find jobs and actually talk to people. You put in the jobs you want. It brings back jobs to you. It's great from LinkedIn. You say, "Hey, I like jobs one, two, and three out of the 10 you brought me." It says, "Sweet of those three jobs. Let me go find the hiring managers for you." It brings back the hiring managers and then crafts custom messages for each manager based on things like your resume and the job itself. Right? That's actually a lot, you know, um especially the scraping part because we're asking go out there to the internet and find the right scrapers. Remember when we did this with claude code using 4.5, it was actually able to identify the right amplify scrapers, which was very surprising. So, let's see how this one does. So, here's what it gave us. And on the surface, this looks pretty good. I don't see any dead nodes. Dead nodes are modules that look like this, but it's just a question mark. That means it gave you JSON and it just made up a node that actually isn't something you can build. You see that often when you use thirdparty tools, even like cloud code, when you give it more complex tasks. So, right off the bat, you have the job application form, right? And what is it asking us? Basically, hey, what sort of job do you want? It then has a set node. So, it's just setting a bunch of variables. So, apply LinkedIn job scraper. Appify LinkedIn profile scraper. I don't know if these are real. So, that's a maybe. We need to check on that. Then it scrapes them right by ID. Everything's kind of set there. So that looks good. Format job per user. So I'm not actually sure how this is going to like pop up if that's going to make sense. Parse selected job to find the hiring managers. Then we generate the custom email. So if we take a look at this prompt, right? Does this prompt make sense logically? Hey, so it's passing all the candidate information, the job details, and the hiring manager information. So that's pretty good. Like that's a good start. and then it creates the actual draft. Now, let's actually compare this real quick to this one. This is what was made using um cloud code, right? And you kind of see a similar logic, right? Where it stops where it starts with the job search form, right? So, hey, this is where we put in our first jobs that we want. Scrapes LinkedIn, right? It also gives us a URL that's slightly different. And then it also puts it all into Google Sheets, which is cool, too. So, we have to have a one-stop shop to see everything happening, right? I don't have to like always be inside of Benaden. I'll have this actual external database essentially where I can see which jobs have been selected and which ones I can apply for. That's really nice. From there, it then goes into the job selection form. So, hey, it brought you the 10 jobs. Which do you want? Right. Continues to update sheets, does the hiring manager stuff, does the email. Um, I kind of like how Claw did the email a little bit more because it breaks it down into user message and the system message, which I think is a best practice that for whatever reason ended end doesn't follow. Then it generates the drafts, collects all the drafts, and then it even tells you when it's all done, right? Which is nice. So, while we compare these two, while I love the Google Sheets edition from Claude Code, there is an argument to be made that the simplicity of this one makes it way easier to actually a execute and then b edit. And as you're seeing with all of these, like you are going to have to edit things like it is not going to give you 100% solution. Again, 60 70 80% solution is the best you can ask for. And from the three tests we've done, it feels like the nitend prompt generator is kind of hitting that mark, right? It's not far off from what we're getting with clawed code. And from what I've seen, I would say it's also a little bit more consistent. So, what are my final thoughts on this? Big picture, this is solid. This is actually pretty good product as long as you understand what you're getting yourself into. There is nothing that exists today in the market and probably won't for at least six months to a year where you give it a complex prompt and it just nails it automatically on the first time. That doesn't exist. So the bar that is set is like, can you give me something that's an 80% solution that saves me a bunch of time on the front end from setting up a bunch of modules. Gives me a good idea of maybe if I was confused of how I would actually do this, what it should look like. If it can hit that mark, it's really good. That's the best you can get right now. This hits that mark. Frankly, it does. The only thing that competes with this right now is a Cloud Code Sonnet 4.5 and in an MCP server build where you are also, let's be frank, paying $100 to $200 a month for cloud code, right? So, you can't use this if you're self-hosting, but you also can't use the Cloud Code system unless you're paying this exorbitant amount of month, right? And for many people it's worth it. But if you don't fall into that camp, then this is the best option you got got to go from prompt to agent to go from prompt to automation, right? It's better than anything else out there. It crushes any sort of cloud, you know, project build. It crushes any sort of custom GPT. So this is really, really good. Now, if you're one of those people who both uses clawed code and is comfortable with it and uses the anything cloud and is wondering, hey, which of the two are better head-to-head? I think it just is going to be a case- by case basis, honestly. And I will say the credit system is kind of a drag on this, you know, like I only get 50 credits a month if I'm on, you know, the uh starter plan versus Claude Code. Like I can go back and forth with it for a long time and I can also sit there and I can plan things out. With this, it's kind of a oneshot, right? I'm going to give it the prompt and then it's going to see what it builds and then I can edit it afterwards. But if I edit it with the prompt again, that's a credit and I only get 50 of those. So I really have like 50 like back and forths I can go with versus with cloud code like we can go back and forth all day. I can send it out online and can look at other stuff um that I feed it and we can actually sit there and plan out what our workflow is going to look like before we build anything. So headtohead I would still give the nod to cloud code because of the um flexibility right and the overall throughput because I'm not limited by credits but again if you're not in that camp this is huge. This is really good. So, um, truthfully, I don't know if there's much of a ven diagram between people who only self-host who also pay the max plan for cloud code. So, I don't know if that competition is even a real thing for most people. I think people tend to be in one camp or the other. And right now, it's great to be in either camp because before this came out, you had no real option. So, um, honestly, uh, hats off to NN. I think this is solid. This is the worst it's ever going to be and I'm looking forward to see how good they actually get it. So, um, definitely check it out and play around with

=== n8n & Apollo Lead Generation Finally Solved (Full Tutorial + Template) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBSNjimEe7Y

So, welcome to yet another LinkedIn cold outreach automation video because Apollo just claimed another victim. This time, Ample Leads. Now, if you're not up to date with all this, let me fill you in. Basically, for the past few years, people have been sourcing thousands of leads for dirt cheap using Apollo scrapers. Apollo is a company that lets you get leads, but you have to pay a subscription of 60, 90, several hundred a month, depending on the tier. But people had come up with ways to actually scrape those same leads from Apollo for dirt cheap. Basically a thousand leads for $150 when a thousand leads would cost you essentially $60 if you were using the service itself. This went on for years until a few weeks ago Apollo finally said enough is enough. They went to Apify and had them crush all these actors. All the scrapers were removed from the site and replaced with an official Apollo scraper which itself was removed just a few days later. This caused havoc in the cold outreach community as this was the number one source for many people's leads which led to a bunch of alternatives popping up such as ample leads which essentially did the same thing get you a,000 Apollo leads for $150. I even highlighted Ample Leads in an automation video a week ago showing people how they could continue using their exact same cold email automations that they were before. But just a few days after that video got posted, Apollo came in and crushed their operation as well. And I think it's time we all admitted to ourselves that this golden age of getting a thousand Apollo leads for $1.50 is over. So the question obviously becomes, well, what do we do now? And in this video, I give you the answer as I show you how we can still get those same exact leads at a more expensive price through Apollo or its many alternatives. And I'm going to give you an NAND automation that then takes those leads, enriches them both through Perplexity and from scraping their LinkedIn profiles directly, creates custom messaging, uploads it to Instantly, so you can still conduct large scale cold outreach campaigns just like before. So with that, let's hop into it. Now, before we do anything else, remember I'm giving you this template for free. Go down to the comments, head to the free school. You can find this template there, download it, and then open up edit, click these three buttons on the right, go to import from file, click on that template, and you'll have this up and running. That way, you can follow along as I go through the rest of this video so you can edit it and actually get it running for yourself. And as a quick plug, we'll be focused today on the automation side of it, but if you're more interested in like how do I actually do cold email that works and like actually convert, that's kind of what the Chase AI Plus community is all about. or it's more focused on like the agency and business side. So, if you're interested in that sort of thing, make sure to check us out there, too. So, let's start this off with a demo and also kind of showing you what's actually happening. So, remember this is what we were working with before. This was our ample lead scraper, right? Remember, we filled out a form. We said, "Hey, I'm looking for AI engineers in Chicago." And you essentially hit go and then it would send out an API request. It would grab all the emails, enrich them, do the custom messaging, and upload it to instantly. Well, this is what we're doing now. And about 80% of it is the same, right? You're going to have your leads here, which we then scrape their LinkedIn profiles, right? We're actually going to go direct to their profiles. We're also going to do a background search via Perplexity both on them and their company. We then send that to AI, which generates a custom outreach message, something unique about them or their company. So, when we email them for real, we can actually get them to read the rest of the email. And then we automatically upload that to Instantly. And inside instantly, it looks something like this, which includes their emails, their name, the custom messaging, as well as a normalized company name. Again, very similar to what we did in the last video. Now, the big difference is we no longer are hooked up to an API where we can just use natural language, say, "Hey, AI engineers in Chicago inside of NN and have those emails automatically be brought into our automation via an API." We have to manually do that. So, I would manually go to Apollo. I would have an account at this point. I would do my search, right? In this case, engineers in Chicago. I would export this list. I would upload it to Google Sheets. You just see five here, but this could be 500. And then I run this automation. Right? This is getting all that lead information from Sheets. Enriches it. Custom outreach upload. Done. So, in terms of the actual value ad with AI and automation, that's all there. You just have to take a little bit more of control when it comes to the lead sourcing. Now again, depending on what platform you're using to actually source those emails, this could be an API. You could have something that looks exactly like this. It just depends what you're using and it might not necessarily be Apollo. That's the thing. Now, you actually have options and those options are going to be different for every single person. This template I'm giving you is very much a 90% solution. And depending on your use case, you figure out the last 10%. And that 10% could be a few things. What you're looking at here are some of the options. So instantly, right, the actual website we use for doing our cold outreach also has a platform within it that does lead genen. So it breaks down to like 47 bucks a month, 97 bucks a month, or 197. 97 bucks a month gets you like basically 2 to 3,000 emails a month. For comparison, with Apollo, 60 bucks gets you 2500 emails. 99 bucks gets you 4,000. You will notice all these sites use credits instead of emails. And an email isn't always a credit. It depends from place to place. So, you kind of have to do your research. And then you look over here with LiveKit. Again, 10,000 emails for 300 bucks, 2,000 for 100. So, you start to see kind of like a h 100red bucks a month gets you anywhere from 2 to 4,000 emails. Right now, before it was like 20 times less than that when we're using the scraper, but again, I think those days are gone. So, what you have to do now is kind of just look at these options and see, okay, which one do I actually like using and make sense for my volume and price point. What you also see here, and I'll link down below, is cold email kit.com, which includes a ton of different cold email tools, most of which have to do with actually discovering leads, right? Like we see list kit here instantly. It breaks it down by their key features, what the pricing is, and like how popular they are lately. So, I'll link this down below so you can help find your lead genen kit that makes sense for you. Now, for this video, how I'm going to demo it is we are going to be using Apollo. Okay? So, you can actually do a free trial and check it out yourself. It's the cheapest one in terms of the amount of leads we get, and many of us have been working with Apollo leads before, so we kind of know what to expect. Again, I'm not saying Apollo is the best option. It's just what we're going to demo. So, I'm going to show you how to find the leads inside of Apollo, and then we're going to go through module by module. I'm going to show you how to set everything up so you can get it running for yourself and actually get your cold email back on track. So, let's begin with Apollo. So over here on the left, you're going to see people and the idea is, hey, I need to find some actual decision makers or specific people and companies that I can sell to. So over here on the left are all the filters, right? We have personas, we have email status, job titles, all sorts of things you can play around here. I'm not going to go deep into every single one of these filters. They're fairly self-explanatory. In this example, since I'm lazy and don't want to change what I've been talking about this whole time, guess what we're going to do for job titles? So, we're going to do engineer, right? For our location, I just put um Chicago. Again, you can get more and more in depth if you want. And then for industry keywords, I did AI and fintech. So, we're essentially working looking for AI fintech engineers in Chicago. Once you do that, you're going to see all your leads populate with things like their name, their title, like what company they work for, etc. What we want to do now is to get out of Apollo and actually put this into our automation so we can further enrich it. So, you're just going to click here, do select all or select all this page, depending how many you want. We're going to hit apply. Then, you're going to come here to export. We only want verified emails. So, we'll export verified emails only and then hit export records. We're going to download it. Once you download that file, I want you to go into Google Sheets and we're going to open it there. So, you're going to go to file, open, upload, and then you're going to drag that file in there. Once you do that, it should look just like this. You have your names, your titles, all your information, and a lot of data you frankly do not care about. That's okay because we're going to filter all this inside of NN. What you do want to do though is you want to go ahead and change the title. So, I'm just going to call this test two. And from there, you can go back inside of Nadn and you're done. That is all the manual work you're going to do. Again, not as automated as what we were going to do before, but there's an argument to be made that you actually have a little more control when you get inside these platforms and do some of the filtering. So, let's go through each node now. So, we have this manually executing, right? This isn't on an automatic trigger. Two reasons for that. One, every single time you get a new batch of leads, I suggest for organization sake, if nothing else, go ahead and create a new sheet inside of Google Sheets that you work from. because you do that, you are going to have to go into the sheets module and change the document that it's working with. The second reason has to do with instantly campaign IDs and we'll touch on that at the end. But that's the logic behind it. Do what you want. So for the Google Sheets, all you need to do is make sure you have the document actually set. So in my case, I was called test two, right? And then you want the sheet to be whatever the sheet's called. That's it. From there, once you execute step, you're going to get a bunch of data that looks like this on the right. This is just all the data from sheets, right? Most of it is a bunch of junk, but there's a few things we actually want because from there, we now do two things. We're now going to actually scrape the individual's LinkedIn and we're going to use Perplexity to do background research both on the person and the company. Now, why did I set it up this way where we're doing like two enrichment streams? Really, it's for flexibility on your end. You may find that you don't really need the background information and this can be easily cut. Or you may find that you only want the background information and the LinkedIn isn't giving you as much as you need. You have options. You can do both. You can do one. You can edit them. Again, this automation is yours. Don't feel stuck in however I set up the template. Now, looking at the LinkedIn scraper, what do you need to change? Well, this URL you don't need to change. What you need to change is your um Appify API. So, this one is mine that's in there and it will be deleted after this, but this is where you're going to put yours. Where do you find your Appify API key? I'll show you in a second. Next, for the JSON body, it's very simple. Alls we send is their LinkedIn URL and it does the rest. So, you see that here. This is being mapped from that data we got from Apollo. And that's it. It's a very simple node. So, let's talk about the scraper and where you get the API key. Over here on the left, I have links to everything. If you click on the appy link, it will take you to the actual actor we're using, which is the mass LinkedIn profile scraper with email, no cookies. I get tons of people that ask me when we do these LinkedIn scrapers like, "Hey, is my account going to be like compromised? Can I get hit?" No cookies essentially means your account and your credentials are never in the equation. So, you don't have to worry about any of that. Nobody knows that you on LinkedIn are doing this. So, you're totally safe. So, the way you can test this thing is you can just put in whatever LinkedIn profile you want, hit run or hit start, and it will actually show you what the outputs look like. In terms of price, $10 per thousand results. So, pretty cheap. And in terms of getting your API key, all you need to go do is go to settings down here on the left, go to APIs and integrations, and then your API keys are here, and copy these. If you've never used Appify before, the general deal is you need a paid account. You can probably get away with free because you get five bucks for free. Um, but once you get paid, it's 39 bucks a month and that 39 bucks is a credit. So, whatever we're using for this, like thousand results, that 10 bucks comes from the 39 you paid each month, right? So, it's kind of like tokens you get every month that you use as you see fit. So, go ahead and put that in there. And the kind of information you get um is what you see over here on the right. And I'll move this over and zoom in a bit. So, what info are we actually getting? So, you're getting everything that you would see on someone's LinkedIn, right? names, company information, titles of their like work history, you're going to see things like um their headlines. You're going to see education. You're going to see recommendations. Anything you see on someone's LinkedIn profile, this is going to be here. Now, let's look at perplexity cuz this is the second half of the enrichment equation. So, we're just going to be using Sonar. You're going to have to set up your account. Just go ahead and follow the documentation. Very, very simple to do. And it then walks you through it. It takes like 30 seconds. And we're doing message, a model. So we have both a system message and a user message. Remember the system message just like it works with any other AI system. That is the internal set of instructions that guides its logic. And so the system message I've set you up with is all about saying, "Hey, here's how I want you to do the research and here's the information I want back." The general idea is I want information on their company and I want information on the person. And the sort of information I want is things that are unique about them. Because when it comes to doing cold email, what's the thing we're always trying to do? We're trying to make it sound like, hey, we researched you and you only, not the other 10,000 people researched, and you know, I did my research on you because I found these unique things about you, right? No one cares when they get a crappy cold email that says generic stuff. Wow, Chase, I love your videos on AI. The amount I get that say that, it's like, okay, clearly you didn't even try. So, we want to make it look like we tried. And this is helping us do that. And again, you know what I'm going to say? Make this your own. Edit this. What information do you need? Put that here. Now, the user prompt is just, hey, what information is it going to go off of? In this case, it's the name, the company name, and the location. So, who they are, who they work for, where are they at? If you get lost in the NN documentation, have no idea where to go for perplexity and where to find your API key. Well, I gave you a link right here, so don't forget that. So, we take that information, the LinkedIn info and the background information, we put them in a merge node. That's essentially just stacking all that information together for each individual person. And from there, we then pass it into our generate outreach messaging LLM. So if we click on here, similar to what I talked about with Plexity, we have the user message and the system message. What do we pass in the user message? Again, depends what you're really trying to do. What do you really want these emails to say? In this case, I'm just passing the organization name and the background for the icebreaker, which is the background for the icebreaker is what we got from Perplexity. So, the way I set this one up, it's almost more hinging on the company itself and what's unique about the company. You might want it to be more about the individual. In that case, you know, you need to come in here inside the system message and edit that as well, cuz the system message is also very descriptive and prescriptive about how I want that icebreaker to sound. And the icebreaker in this case is just the first sentence of the cold email. I have my own strategy for how I do cold emails, which is keep it very short, sweet, to the point. Yours might be different. So, again, fix this to make it sound like you and what you want the messaging to look like. Um, of note, just like we did with Ample Leads, we also normalize the company's names to help with your messaging and your copy. So, we remove things like LLC, Inc., Corp, Capitals, right? Like, nobody says, "Hey, love what you're doing, Chase Aai, LLC." No, you just say, "I love what you're doing, Chase AI." And by doing that, we create a variable and send that up to instantly, which again makes your email sound more conversational and sound more real, more human. And so that's what ends up being created, right? The icebreaker and the custom company name. Those are your two outputs from this whole thing. That's what it's all about, right? Give me one message that sounds realistic and sounds like I did my research and the company name. And then from there, nothing's changed from our other automations. We're just adding that lead to Instantly AI. So, what do you need to change in here? You need to change your API key. And I'll show you how to get that in a second. And then you need to change your campaign ID. I'll also show you how to do that. And let's take a look at what we're actually passing. There's a few things. So, we're passing that email. Again, that's what we got from Apollo or your lead genen source. Last name, first name, company name, and then these custom variables, right? That's the custom company name. again the normalized way you would talk about that company which may or may not change depending on their name and then the icebreaker. So that's all that's being passed up to instantly. You have no idea what instantly is. It's just a platform that allows you to do cold outreach um allows you to like warm up your emails, send it to whatever CRM you use to conduct your campaigns. Now jumping into instantly for a second, where do you find your API key? We're going to go down here. Well, first of all, where do you find the campaign ID? You're going to come here on the left. You're going to go to campaigns. You're going to click on your campaign. In this case, test campaign. Up here at the top of the URL, you see where it says campaign backslash and then a bunch of numbers and letters before slashanalytics. It's what I have highlighted up here. That's your campaign ID. Copy it. Come inside here. And then paste it in there. Right. For your API key, you're going to go to For your API key, you're going to go down to your settings. So, bottom left, click your little name, hit settings, go to integrations, API keys, create an API key. That's where you'll get it. And once you add that, you're done. Right? pretty simple, arguably more simple than the last automation version, but I think I added a little more enrichment when it comes to directly scraping their LinkedIn profiles and also doing perplexity. So, I think you have a little more flexibility with this one kind of throughout the process cuz obviously you have a ton of flexibility in terms of picking your source, Apollo, whatever it may be. So, yeah, that's we ran through the automation pretty quickly, but again, these lead generations all tend to be the same thing, right? They kind of need four things. One, they need a lead genen source, which we kind of have to do manual now. We need to a way to enrich the leads. That's what we're doing here with the LinkedIn profile scraper in perplexity. You need a way to do custom messaging right here. And then you need a way to actually conduct the campaign because you can't do that through naden. Really, you shouldn't. That's where instantly comes in. So, this video hits on all four points. And again, tons of flexibility. Don't just take my template and copy it word for word on the system prompt because you don't want to sound the same. You have your own your unique your own unique voice and offer and the system messages should reflect that. So I hope this answered some questions. I know there was a lot of consternation with Ampify Apollo going down and then Ample leads going down and I don't think anyone really wanted the answer to be this which was like hey like we kind of just have to pay the price right like it was great when you could essentially get a 20x discount on Apollo but again I think those days are behind us and the quicker we come to terms with that the better cuz in the end it's a price worth paying um to get these leads like you need them. So let me know in the comments what you thought of this video. Um as always check out the school again. Tons of free resources in there, tons of things with AI agents and automations that we didn't touch on here. And if you're looking for more like professional stuff in terms of, hey, I want to run an agency, that's where Chase AI Plus comes in. So, um, thanks again and I'll see you guys

=== n8n vs OpenAI's Agent Builder ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXN1eASRA0k

OpenAI just released Agent Builder, which is their new app that allows you to build agents without any code. And right away, people started asking, is this the tool that finally dethrons NADN? Well, in this video, we're going to answer that question as we put NADN and Agent Builder in a head-to-head competition to see how they each build the same exact agent. And the test is going to be pretty simple. We want them to build an AI agent that can go out onto the internet, do research on stocks, and then email us the results. So, let's get started and see how they compare. So, here we are inside of Agent Builder. I'm going to link a video above right now where I went through the basics of agent Builder. We went through a demo workflow. I showed you all the tools, how it works under the hood. But if you've never used this before and you've used Naden, it's pretty much the same from like a 30,000 ft view. We have our modules. We connect them to additional modules and it kind of flows from left to right and you edit the settings by clicking on the module coming over here to the right. And so, like I talked about the intro, we essentially want to create a stock research agent that we can speak to in natural language, have it go out online, find information about the stock, and then email it to us or email it to whoever I want. So, the way it works in agent builders is you have a start module. This is essentially the same as like a chat module in NAN. Okay. From there, it's going to go to the agent. So, the start module will be our request like, hey, I want you to research Apple stock. That's then going to go here to the agent module. Now, over here on the right is where we set up all the information for this module. First of all, we have the name. So, I can rename it to like stock agent, right? Then we have our instructions. The instructions is like the system message aka the internal logic for how we want this to work. So, I could say, "Hey, you're an expert um in researching stocks using the internet." Now, that's pretty basic. One of the cool things about Asian Builder is you have these little um like pencils over here on the right with a little star next to it. If I click that and I put in what we just wrote, it's actually going to update the instructions but better. It's as if I went to, you know, like Chad GPT and was like, "Hey, write me a system message for an AI agent that specializes in researching stocks." So, it kind of takes out that extra step of having to go to AI and write your system messages for you. all here all at once, which is nice. Now, this is pretty basic, but you can see it's still expand expanded upon what we wrote to start. This is something Naden does not have. So, point to agent builder. We'll see over here we have include chat history. So, we'll click that. That's like simple memory inside of NAN. We have our model. I don't need a full-blown reasoning model for this. So, we're just going to stick with 4.1 mini. Also, on cheap. Now, next we have our tools. So, we have web search here, but I don't want to use web search. I kind of want to do something a little more powerful because I'm not a huge fan of OpenAI's web search. I want to use something like Firecrawl. So, if you've never used Firecrawl before, it's a really cool tool for doing any sort of web scraping or web search and even has some agent qualities. They have an MCP server. So, that's what we're going to connect. So, I'm going to go ahead and click MCP server. And you see all the default ones, right? Gmail, Outlook, including stuff like Zapier, Pipere, all that good stuff. But we want a third party one that's not listed. So I'm going to go to server. We're going to call this fire crawl. Now I need to enter the MCP URL which I already have ready to go. And then I need to put my API key. So I added my API key. I hit connect. And this is the general flow for connecting to any API server on here. From there it asks do you want approval for all the tools? So if it actually uses the tool they'll ask you in the chat, hey do you want to use this? We're going to say hey I don't really need you to do that. And you can see all the different tools from firecrawl, scrape, map, search crawl, all that cool stuff. So we're going to do add. So now that we've added the firecrawl server, I'm going to go back into the instructions and I'm going to tell it explicitly use the firecrawl MCP server to execute web searches. So I just said use the firecraw mcp server to execute web searches when asked about stocks. So now what we're going to do is we're going to test this out just to make sure that's working. So we're going to go to preview. It brings you to this screen. And now we just talk to it like we would chat GBT. Um, can you do some research on Apple's stock for me? And well, looks like we got an error. Let's try it one more time. So, can you do some research on Apple stock for me? Error again. So, what's happening here? Well, the MCP server isn't working. That's what's happening. So, all right. Fire crawl isn't working. Well, let's test out the Gmail MCP server, right? maybe doesn't work for third party ones. Maybe it will work for this Gmail one. So, I'm g click on Gmail and then we need to get an access token for this. So, I just click here. So, you get brought to this screen and what you need to do is you then need to search for the specific Gmail um API. So, I just search for Gmail and you have all these other APIs you can choose. So, I will say it's actually really easy to connect to Gmail from um agent builder. So, I do authorize APIs, connect my account. All right, continue. And then I want this access token. So you're going to say exchange authorization token for access token. Copy that. Come back in here. Paste it. Connect. Really easy. And I can see all my tools here. So another plus for Asian Builder is how easy it is to get this MCP stuff up and running. So we're just going to add everything. So Firecrawl wasn't working, so I deleted that from the instructions. So now we're going to have to add another tool, which is going to be the web search tool. Now, the web search tool is just like the default one you would see in chat GBT. So, there's not a ton we can edit with it. Alls we have is like country, region, city, time zone, and context size. We're just going to keep this all on default. So, we'll hit add. So, what else can we play with here? Well, we can edit the output format. Right now, it's just plain text. We could specify in JSON. We can play around with the model parameters. And then we have stuff like what to do if there's an error. And do we want to write this a conversation history? We're going to leave this all as is. So, what we've built now is we should now have an AI agent that we can speak to. it can call the web tool, go do some analysis on the stock, and then email it to whoever we want, right? Because it's connected to our MCP server. So, let's go back to preview. So, I'm asking, can you do some research on Apple stock? And then email to Chase. So, boom. Error it out again. Let's try one more time. Maybe there's just some issue with it. Error out again. Okay. What What actually is happening here? Why do we keep getting this error? Well, the reason we keep getting this error is because MCP actually does not work inside of agent builder. So, if I get rid of the Gmail tool, we go back into preview and I say research Apple stock, it's going to work just fine. But this is a huge problem because, you know, this is great. It's going to give me the sources. It's going to look it up online. That's awesome. But the entire purpose of agent builder is agents. And the power of these agents in particular inside this walled garden that OpenAI has put us is in these MCPs, right? What we're doing now, I can do on chat GPT. I don't care about that. I need an agent that can work with external tools, multiple external tools, you know, dynamically. And this has been up for like 24 hours at this point. And there's been crickets from OpenAI and MCP doesn't work in any capacity, which is wild. So right now, agent Builder is actually basically unusable and the only thing you can use it for is stuff like this, like basic chatbot nonsense that has no real value. Now, okay, let's assume they fix this, which they should. It's crazy. They actually let this go out live in this state, honestly. Um, so what does that mean? Well, that means you can create AI agents with MCPs, and that's kind of it. we're like really like pigeon holed into using MCPS which is sometimes great sometimes not and like to show you the difference now let's kind of go through the same exercise in naden and see what we can do with it so here I am inside of naden right so we're going to search for AI agent we get our standard foundation right so we have the chat message this is just like the start button we're going to add a chat model now obviously with naden we have access to any chat model we want but to keep it simple we'll stick with open AAI and we will also use 4.1 mini Now we have memory. We can do simple memory. And we obviously have more flexibility if we want to go like a true database route. So we're just going to do simple memory. And now in terms of tools, okay, maybe firecrawl is having issues. What if I just want to use something like perplexity, right? Very easy. I add perplexity. And I think the biggest thing is that like look at all these settings I have available to me using something like perplexity. And the fact that I can like have AI do stuff, right? Like the text is going to be determined by the model, the output will be determined by the model. If we compare that to this, like what did we have with web search? It was this. Obviously, this isn't enough. This isn't nearly enough if you want to create something actually powerful in production settings. So again, you need to rely on MCPS, which don't even work right now, but again, I'm sure they'll get that up and running. So here we have perplexity. And then obviously, if I wanted to do a email, I would attach Gmail. And we just like that it's essentially connected. Now, props to OpenAI. Like, connecting your Gmail account, your Google account in general, and N is a giant pain in the butt. You only have to do it once, but it is a pain. And the way they've set up MCP inside of Asgent Builder does help with that. I will give them credit there. The other thing I'll give them props on, like I talked about before, was the system messages, right? Like, they have built-in AI to fill this out, and it undo does it. I have to do this manually down here like, okay, you have access perplexity and Gmail blah blah blah or go to something like Claude. Copy it, paste it, get it back, and put it back in there. They've put it all in one spot, which is actually really nice. I wish NNN had that. So, I just wrote, you have access to Perplexity and Gmail. You're an expert in stock research. Connect analysis with the Perplexity tool. And then send the email via the Gmail tool. So, now let's test it out. I'll do open chat. Open this up. All right. So, we told it to do some research on Apple and then send it to Chase. And right away, you can also see that there's way more granular detail in the logs, right? I can see the chat. I can actually click on here under the AI agent and see both the input and output at a much finer detail level than what we had over here, right? When I asked it to, you know, again, research Apple, it's going to do it just fine. And we can kind of see what's going on. like it shows us the stock agent in the actual request and it gives us links and stuff like the output is fine but I don't have this level of detail including stuff like how fast is each tool being called right I can see the success I can see the amount of tokens that are being used right so there's a lot more that I can see and also really troubleshoot because that's what's really important because this stuff never goes right when you're using it for real or at real complexity that this doesn't have and again I know it has eval so it says it executed it let's actually just check the email real quick to confirm confirm. And so here's the email it gave us. Obviously, this looks gross, but this is something we could easily change when it comes to formatting the output, but it worked, right? And that idea of it actually working obviously is huge because this just isn't. And truthfully, right, I think this kind of head-to-head comparison, it should be pretty clear where I'm going to go with this. Like the biggest thing isn't just that it's working. Like I will give OpenAI the benefit of doubt and assume they're going to get MCP up and running. The problem is the flexibility, right? If MCP servers aren't working for whatever reason, this is where you are. You're dead in the water. MCP servers aren't working with N. That's fine. I have a million different ways I can attack this problem. And I think also part of the problem is you look at this and then you see a tweet like this from OpenAI and they're saying, "Hey, actually this was built in under six weeks and Codeex wrote 80% of it." Like, wow. You don't say like this just doesn't seem serious. Like this isn't a serious thing. Like cuz you compare these two things like everyone got kind of wowed by some of the hype they did pre-dev day and even sort of the demo on dev day and then you go and use it for real and nothing even works, right? And it's just like it feels like it's 12 months away from being 12 months away. And so this is probably going to be the last video I do on Asian Builder anytime soon because like who in their right mind is going to spend any time like spinning things up inside here? Remember, this is also putting you inside of OpenAI's walled garden. That garden better be awesome. That garden better be amazing for me to leave this, which gives me the flexibility of not just like the tools and stuff, but like self-hosting, local hosting, right? All the different ways I can attack these problems. And like if you can't even come close to N&N, like what am I doing? I might as well just be on codeex or cloud code. What problem is this solving? And again, this goes beyond MCP just not even working. So I think headto-head it is even close. I think it sounded great in theory. I don't think any you have people on Twitter saying, "Oh man, this is this is killing the next trillion startups." Like this isn't killing anything. This isn't killing anything. Um and I was kind of hyped for this cuz I was hoping this would kind of, you know, like continue to, you know, widen or like increase the size of the pie that everyone's eating from with this no code stuff. And this actually just gives no code a terrible name cuz it doesn't even work. Um, and it has a lot of ways to go. So, the head-to-head comparison, I don't think there is a comparison at this point. Um, I hope that changes sooner rather than later. I can't imagine they put this much time and effort into it. I guess it wasn't that much time. Um, but I I hope they can do something better. So, um, that's all I have to say on that. Nan definitely doesn't have to worry about this anytime soon. And I hope open a kind of gets it together um in this respect.

=== I Tested OpenAI's Agent Builder... Should n8n Be Worried? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFrGu2cGv7Y

Did we just witness the death of NADN? Because today, OpenAI, the biggest player in the AI space, just released agent builder, which for all intents and purposes is their version of NAND. They're giving us a drag and drop graphical interface to build AI agents without having to actually code. Agent Builder already has access to MCP integration, built-in eval, and deployment tools like chatkit and agent SDK. So, with all that, is NAND doomed? And is it time to start spinning up all of our workflows on the new agent builder? Well, maybe. And in this video, we're going to dive into it a bit more. I'm going to show you what I like and don't like about agent builder, where and how it relates to NAND, and how you should kind of be thinking about this moving forward. So, with that, let's take a look at this brand new tool. So, here I am inside of agent builder, and I'll put a link down below so you can get here. Now, what you see is what you get. It's pretty bare bones. We have workflows, drafts, and templates. And so we're going to go through this workflow example and I'm going to explain how it all works and what's going on under the hood and how this sort of relates to NAN. So what exactly is this workflow? So for our case study, we're looking at essentially a customer service agent, right? Someone's talking to this agent probably on a website through a chat widget and they are either trying to initiate a return, they're trying to leave, or they're just trying to get more information. So based on that initial message from the user, it's going to route it to either the return agent, the retention agent, the information agent, or it's just going to end the call. And so how we're going to run this video is I'm going to go through this module by module, kind of explain how it all works, what's going on under the hood, and then at the end once you have a little information of what the heck we're even looking at, we'll run it through a test, and then I'll kind of give you my final thoughts. So we begin with the start module, and that's just going to be a chat widget, right? Nothing fancy here. What we then see is this jailbreak guardrail. Now over here on the left, right, you see a number of different tools and these are sort of like the little blocks you have to play with as you build your workflow. This jailbreak guardrail corresponds with the guardrails right here on the left. So if I click on jailbreak guardrail over here on the right, we're going to get all the settings associated with it. So I can give it a name. I can give it an input. The input as text, that's what the actual chat message coming in is. And then we can do guardrails based on a number of different things like PII. So it's going to make sure hey you're not trying to pass any private information, different moderation rules, jailbreak. So jailbreak being someone's trying to do a weird prompt to kind of like skirt around the rules and then hallucinations and then continue on error. So you have a lot of options in terms of setting an initial filter with whoever you're doing these chats with. Once it gets past the filter, it then goes into the agent. Now the agent module is the meat and potatoes of this entire thing. And if you're familiar with NADN, this is a basic LLM chain. It's the same thing, right? Memory, model, tools, same deal here. So over here on the right, what do we see? We have the name. So you can call it whatever you want. And then we have instructions. And I'll blow this up. So what are the instructions? The instructions are the system message. These are the internal rules that guide the logic of this particular agent. In this case, we're saying, hey, just classify the user's intent, right? Do they want to return a cancel or do they want to get information? And it also kind of spells out how it wants that output to look like. So that's all that's going on. How do you want the agent to work from there? We have chat history. So basically, do you want simple memory or not? Right, for n then you can set your models, right? Each has a different cost. This is again your own open AI. So what do you get to choose from? GPTs. So you are obviously limited there. Next we have tools, right? This is what makes an AI agent an AI agent. And what options do we have in the new agent builder? Well, we have things like chatkit, and we'll talk about chatkit a little later. Um, but we also have MCP servers, file search, web search, code interpreter, and functions. So, starting from the top, MCP server. This MCP server, ironically, is the number one reason you should use agent builder because it's awesome how easily they've integrated this into agents, but it doesn't work. So maybe by the time this video comes out they've fixed it, but as of now if you try to add MCP servers, it's just going to error out on you. But from what I've seen on the internal demos and all that, this is great. This actually does kind of set it apart from NAN because yeah, Nad has MCP servers, but it is not nearly as easy to get it up and running like this. So I also added So you have well back up. So you have ones that are like kind of preset by OpenAI, right? Like Gmail, Google, Google Calendar, Outlook, all that. You have some thirdparty ones, Shopify, Zappy or PayPal. And then you can also add your own pretty easily. So I was able to do like fire crawl pretty quickly. And to kind of show you how it works, right? If I want to connect Gmail, I will go to um get access token. It takes you to here. You have a bunch of different APIs to choose from. I select them. I click authorize down here and then it will give me a token that I can use. From there, I then just paste the token in, hit connect, and I'm done. It's that easy. Like think of how easy it is to connect Google here versus like on Naden where it's like a 15-minute ordeal the first time you go into like the Google cloud and try to do all that giant pain. This makes it really easy and MCP is really what powers the tool usage here because you don't have sort of the I think much more intuitive tool setup that you see in Naden which is like hundreds of tools ready to go that are essentially like glorified HTTP requests. It's a little harder here. So that's MCP servers. You also have file search. So file search are like let's say I wanted to drop a bunch of PDFs and I wanted to have the agent essentially trained or have a knowledge base of those PDFs. I do that right here. Very easy. We can also do a vector store to essentially have like a mini rag agent at work. So kind of a easier but more simplistic way to turn your agent into a rag agent. Then we have web search. Think simple web search that you have on chat gbt a code interpreter and then functions. So you can essentially add your own code here to do like simple tool stuff. They have a few examples with like get the weather or stock prices. So this requires a little more, you know, quote unquote coding knowledge even if you're having AI do it. Um but it does give you some flexibility. Then we have the output format, right? We can do JSON text or the widget with the chat kit. Then we have stuff like model parameters, um how we want the responses to look. This should all look pretty familiar if you've dealt with NAND at all, right? They're essentially taking that module page and they've turned it into this, which in some instances they've simplified it. In other places, it's a little neutered. But that in a nutshell is how it works, right? You give it the instructions, you determine the tools, and then from there it acts like an agent, right? It has AI on the back end. So in this case, it's taking in the user's request. Hey, I want to I want to return something. And then it sends it here to the condition. What's the condition? Well, it's essentially like a giant if node. If then do this. And in this case, there's four different places it can go. We can either send it to the return agent, the retention agent, the info agent, or end the call, right? Or end the chat. And the condition logic, if we look at it here, it's essentially taking the input from this classification agent and then saying, hey, is it the return item? Is it the cancel sub or the get info? That's it. It's just deciding which path to route it down. And then we get to the agents. Now, does there need to be three agents here? No. AI is smart enough to be able to do all this inside the same block, but this is for demo purposes, right? So, if we look at the return agent, just like we did before, right? Name, instructions, tools. This doesn't even have a tool. So, you're basically just setting it to 4.1 mini and letting it go to work. Stuff like the retention agent, they did add tools. So you can look at here sort of the function to kind of see what sort of offers they can give the um user to try to keep them from cancelling. Right? So we're looking at the type of customer account, their current plan, their tenure, recent complaints, all that. Same thing goes for the information agent, right? We have our um I'll open this up. We have our system instructions. So it gave it a bunch of info about, hey, like here's our different policies, upgrades, here's how we do billing and all that stuff. So long story short, we're split into these different agents. Each has their own internal logic. And then those agents are what dictates the actual chat from that point forward. Next, we see user approval. Now, this is mirrored over on the left under the logic section. You'll see user approval down here. So, this is essentially like adding, you know, a human in the loop before anything else happens. In this case, the return agent is going to ask, hey, do you want to return? And then the user is either going to like accept that or they're going to reject it. And that will essentially end the conversation at that point. So, I'll move this over a little bit and you can see the only other things we didn't cover while was the while logic and the data transform and set state. Other than that, that's pretty much it. Like I said, this is pretty pretty bare bones overall. And it's really built on, you guessed it, Asians. And I'll talk about that a little bit more in a second. But before we do that, let's actually do a preview. Right? You now know how this is working under the hood. How does it actually work for real? So, we're going to say, "Hi, um, I want to return an item." So, you can see on the left, it's going to highlight in yellow or blue where it's at. So, you saw it go through the jailbreak, went to the classification, eventually went to the return agent, and that's mirrored over here on the right. So, jailbreak, classification agent, condition, and then you can see we're talking with the return agent. So, it says he'll help me with the return. Um, it says, "Hey, we can offer you replacement device if we provide the order number and the reason for the return." If I just hit approve, it says, "Hey, your return is on the way." Now, obviously, this could use a little work because I didn't even tell it what my order number was or anything, but you can kind of see the logic in it, right? I spoke to it, it classified it, it sent me the return agent, and then I gave it a thumbs up, thumbs down, and the call ended. Obviously, this isn't you wouldn't want it to work exactly like that for real, but you can see big picture how this works. And then the last part of this equation would be okay, like how do you actually deploy this thing? So, you have a few different options. Um, you have the chat kit and you have the agent SDK. So, they give you actual code and TypeScript or Python. So, I could take this and then actually integrate it into whatever website I'm using or you can essentially do the same thing using chatkit. This isn't going to be a chatkit video, but if you click this link, it'll take you to the quick start guide, and they give you like pretty easy to um replicate instructions to get it up and running, but that's agent builder in a nutshell from someone who's clearly an expert on a product that came out, you know, 3 seconds ago. So, let's now talk kind of big picture and what this means for really n and make and these other platforms that have been pretty much in this game for years now. Is this a killer? Does this destroy Nadn? Do we all need to cancel our sub? I think the answer pretty clearly is no. And there's a few reasons for that. First and foremost, this is very raw. This is very new. It just isn't on NN's level, right? You have a lot more flexibility with NN. I can do way more than just agents. I can do automations and I can do ton of stuff in NAND that has nothing to do with AI as well. So, that's a big thing, especially if you're someone who's like in the AI agency space where like your job isn't to make AI agents or make automations. Your job is to solve problems. And sometimes that requires agents, sometimes it doesn't. I don't want to be all in on a tool that pigeon holes me and going down a certain route. As an aside, they're just that. They're tools. You shouldn't be completely in love with Naden or completely in love with OpenAI and say, "Okay, I'm going to ignore this one. I'm going to ignore that one." You should know how to use all of them, right? I don't think any tool should be dead to you. You should just know which tool is best for the job. And that's constantly changing. The second reason it's not going to kill Naden, and I kind of alluded to it for the first reason, is just the flexibility. Right? Remember, this is agent builder. This is OpenAI's agent builder. You're on OpenAI servers. Your data is going to OpenAI. This is not nearly as flexible as Nen. Even though it's not truly open source, I can still do the community version. I can still self-host. I can still locally host. And I can use any model I want. I can't do that here. And while that may not matter to you, I can promise you it matters to people out there who are paying a lot of money for these sorts of AI solutions. So that's something to keep in mind. And so the real takeaway should be this is awesome. The more people who are in this pool competing, the better for all of us who are users, right? I don't care if Naden dies. I don't care if OpenAI dies. I just want tools that work and I prefer tools that have a ton of competition. So, everyone has to get better. The tide raises all the boats and it makes the pie bigger for everybody in the space. So, this is ideal. I hope this product continues to get even better. And I'm sure it will continue getting better because it has the full weight of OpenAI behind it. That's a ton of money. That's a ton of infrastructure. and they're going to make sure this works, which is all the better for us. So, I'll leave it at that. You can expect a lot more videos on this tool um in the coming days. Probably a lot of like head-to-head um comparisons between this and nitn. But, I want to get one out real quick so people have some idea what they're working with. You don't have to go into it blind. So, let me know in the comments what sort of stuff you love to see. and I'll see you guys around.

=== AI Video BATTLE: Sora 2 vs Veo 3 vs Wan 2.5 ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCJlbyaXj1U

It has been an absolutely wild week in AI as we have seen not one but two new audio video models get released with one 2.5 and so are 2. Both of these models have been working hard to usurp the throne that V3 has sat on so long as the top dog in the AI video generator space that can also do audio. >> Uh sir, step out of the vehicle for me. All right, pause off the wheel, buddy. Hey, don't Hey, stop. >> And now that we've had a few days to play with these models, you're probably asking which one is actually best. And in this video, we look to answer that question as we run all three video models through a series of tests, seeing how they do with simple text prompts, image prompts, action sequences, and everything in between. We also dive into the question of which one of these models is the most commercially viable. Because as fun as it is to create these viral videos of Sam Alton doing crazy stuff, we also want to know what we can use in our personal businesses to actually drive some sort of marketing value. We got a lot to cover, so let's hop into it. So, here's how we're going to run this video. You can see some of the tests I was doing inside of Air Table. I'm going to show you the prompt followed by the first frame which is the image we're using if it's an image to video prompt. And then we're going to go through Sora Juan and then VO and we'll talk about it along the way. What we like, what we don't like, and which one I think is the winner in that particular category. And so the first test we're going to do is very simple. It's just going to be a basic text prompt. And the prompt we give it is Genghaskhan gives a TED talk about rising graphics card prices. So what are we really testing here? We're testing the model's ability to sort of like fill in the gaps. We're giving it a general idea of what we want to talk about, but we're not giving it specific audio. We're not even giving it a real storyline. We're just giving it one subject to talk about in a setting. So, we want to see what how well it does extrapolating that from the barest of prompts. So, here's Sore 2. >> In my time, if a horse cost too much, we took another trip and solved the problem. But today, look at this. From 2018 to now, the price of a single graphic card climb. >> So, honestly, I thought that was great. I think this is where Sore 2 really shines. And that's when you give it a very barebones prompt, and you let it just go crazy. It did a great job with sort of the orbiting camera. You see the graphics card prices over time, like PowerPoint slide in the background, and it did a really good job in the audio, right? Like relating, you know, graphics cards with, you know, trying to find a horse, right? Like we're back on the Asian step, right? I'm about to raid another tribe. Great video in my opinion. Now, let's look at Juan 2.2. This is the other model that came out this week. >> Khan gives a rising graphics card prices who look in whatly. So, that was completely terrible. Very incoherent. No idea what he really said. You heard something about graphics cards. You see something in the background that also says graphics cards, but why does it say ed at the end? So, it's not really saying cards. You get the hint of a TED talk in the background. And they dressed up Genghaskhan like he's in a modern setting, which I'm okay with, but it did a really bad job of again extrapolating information, filling in the gaps. Now, let's take a look at VO3. >> The price of graphics cards has risen to unacceptable levels. >> So, that's pretty good. Great prompt adherence. It did exactly what we told it. It didn't go above and beyond like we saw with Sora 2 and the storytelling, but the visuals are super crisp. The audio is great. I can tell it's a TED talk. It didn't do it didn't blow me away, but I'm not disappointed. So, overall, solid work. Now, if we want to rank these, I think it's pretty obvious. Sora 2 was definitely the winner there for sort of a simple prompt. VO3 comes in second place and one three was trailing behind heavily. Now, for the next one, we're going to see how it does in a UGC style video. Right. So, the prompt is a realistic UGC style video from a selfie perspective, relatable woman, early 30s, modern bathroom, and basically she's just holding up a minimalist jar of face cream, right? So, we want her to do a UGC video for face cream, right? So, let's see how they do. We gave it a little more direction here, but we didn't specify exactly what we wanted to say or anything like that. So, first up is store two. >> Okay, you guys keep asking what moisturizer I've been obsessed with lately. This little guy. Look at how simple and cute the packaging is. Let me show you the texture. It's so creamy, but it melts right in. See that? No greasiness, just this soft. >> Again, really, really good. What I love about Soore, too, are sort of those quick cuts. You notice it very quickly jump from one scene to the other like here >> with lately this little guy. Look at how simple and cute >> to there. Like, you notice those cuts. No other video model does that. And it gives it a more realistic, authentic feeling like you would see from a video a human being actually produced. On top of that, lighting looks great. Um, and the audio was spot on. Now, let's check out one 2.5 >> soft kind of pro base here down there on my bowl of the hand. Also, it creamy texture. >> So, the audio was kind of like jumbled at the beginning. I couldn't really tell if that was an issue with the actual audio. They just went with like a weird accent. You eventually pick it up at the end what she's talking about. So audio was eh visually great. You don't see the quick cuts, but everything looks real. The lighting looks awesome. If you look in the back here, you can see her reflection in the like shower like glass. Even more so, if you zoom in where my um cursor is, there's basically a shadow that looks like a selfie stick in a phone. So it gets really really detailed. And so visually, this is awesome. Now, let's check out VO3. So, I got this product a couple weeks ago and I have been absolutely obsessed with it. >> So, V3 solid, right? Quality is what you expect. Audio is what you expect. But my one complaint with V3 in this stuff is maybe it's because we've seen V3 for so long and it's kind of like biasing me. You can almost tell right away when it's a V3 AI video, right? like it's it's not an uncanny valley, but it's like it started to climb out of that valley and it's getting really really close, but you can tell it has like this AI sheen to it almost and you don't notice that as much. And again, perhaps this is just cuz it's new from something like Sora, right? Like just kind of the way this looks and the cuts like it feels less AI. And again, that could totally just be a bias on my part. Now, how would I rank these when it comes to doing the UGC stuff? And this is an important thing and something you're going to see a lot of moving forward. I would say Sore 2 was number one here. And I would say one 2.5 was second. The audio was a little jumbled, but again that could be an accent thing. And then V3 I would put last. And this is closer than it looks though, but Sora 2 did great here. So for the next test, we're actually going to jump down here. We're going to take a look at physics. So we're going to see how it does showing a video of a gymnast performing a complex routine on the uneven bars. We go into pretty good detail here. And I did that on purpose because what I didn't want it to do was we tell the models, hey, have the gymnast perform this complex routine and it sort of just cheats and it creates a video that it can make. Like, no, we have a specific thing we want to see that's very dynamic. Can you do it? So, let's see how they do. And as always, we'll start off with Sore 2. [Music] All right. So, it went with almost like a late 90s, early 2000s like handheld cam or quarter uh aesthetic, which I don't mind. In terms of the actual physics, pretty good. Like some parts were like a little weird or janky, but it never looked completely unnatural. Like it kind of made sense. So, solid job. Now, let's look at one. [Applause] [Music] So terrible. Absolutely terrible job. There's multiple instances where you see her like switch from her body being on one side like her back becomes her front. Like you see that here, right? Like here's her back and then all of a sudden, nope, now her face is on the back of her head. And it does that multiple times because it can't deal with the dynamic changes of her flipping around and spinning around. She's like, "Oh, nope. Now your body's in a different spot." So that was really, really bad. And it had a very strange like motion feel to it. Some parts were like slow motion and some were sped up. It just really bad. Let's look at V3. again, terrible. That was similar to Juan where it just like doesn't know what to do when it comes to these like dynamic physics, right? So, it almost just does nothing or it just like flips the body around or turns it into play-doh or her feet have now become part of the floor. Um, so again, that was really bad and I honestly can't even rank Juan versus Vio. They were both awful, but Sore did great. What I actually want to talk about now is how do these models do when it comes to first frame images, right? And how can we do that in terms of marketing, right? If I have an image like this, and if you've seen previous videos, you've seen this before, right? We had the Chase AI coffee shop and I showed you how we could create AI marketing material in a combination of like MidJourney, Nano Banana, and then whatever video model we're using. In order to like use these video models effectively in marketing, we need some way to maintain creative control beyond just a text prompt, right? I need assets that I can put into a video and characters and scenes that are consistent from video to video. You can't do that with text. You can only do that with images and with starting images. So, how do these models do if we give them a starting image of whatever it is we're selling or our product or our market or whatever and then give it a prompt on top of that? Does it have the characters like maintained consistent from scene to scene? Does it actually work? Does it look natural? Right? I don't care about gymn this videos. I care about marketing. So, let's test it. So, what is the prompt going to be? The prompt's going to be that image you saw. And very simple. We wanted to zoom in on the woman as she welcomes you to the new Chase AI coffee shop. She turns around, walks inside, and shows the place off. So, how does Sor 2 do here? Sor 2's been killing it. Absolutely crushing it. What do we get? Oh, we get an error. Um, we currently do not support uploads of images creating photorealistic people. That's a problem, isn't it? That's kind of tough, right? And um, we're going to dive into that more in a second, but that should give you some serious pause. I can't create photorealistic images of people who don't even exist, right? Seems like we swung from one end of the pendulum to the complete other because the first three days you can make videos of whatever you want. Now I can even create madeup AI people. I digress, but let's see how Juan did on this. >> To the new Chase coffee shop. >> She's funny. She's going to be the full stasis. Thanks you are friends. [Music] >> All right. Well, I think she made up a new language during that. Um the camera really didn't do anything. We zoomed in like 6 in and she just kind of like walked into the store. Overall, zero out of 10. Worthless. Let's check out V3. >> Welcome to the new Chase AI coffee shop. >> Again, solid prompt adherence, which is sort of a theme with V3. Does it blow you out of the water? No. Are we kind of used to these visuals? Yes. Does it do what it says it's doing? Yes, it does. Hopefully this is a foundation for improvements moving forward, but at least I can work with that. With the wand, it feels like every time you create a video with them, you're kind of just rolling the dice to see what you get. I was not impressed with it really throughout this entire process, but let's go back to Sora, right? This is an issue. How can we get around the fact that I can't put in people, right? How can I how what can I do here? Now, we aren't completely out of luck because we have a few options. So, let's start from this single image, right? I have to somehow remove her, right? There's a simple way to do that. The easiest way is I just go and have AI remove her from the picture and then we start from there. Right here I'm inside of Higsfield. So I can use either nano banana or I can use something like Cdream and just give it the simple structure of hey remove it from a picture. The other option is you start going into a nonphoto realistic route. So again, I go into Higsfield and I say something like, "Hey, turn this into an anime type photo, right? Or I get more stylized." And you can see me sort of messing with some options here. But you don't always have to go the photo realistic route, right? You do have the option to not necessarily turn it into some sort of like anime ad, but think of any visual style that isn't photo realism. You can do that with Sora and still get all the benefits, but we can't do the starting image with the photorealistic character. And as a quick aside, I pretty much created all these videos inside of Higsfield.ai. I'll have a link down below. Like, this was a ton of videos I did and I racked up a bunch of credits. But luckily with Higsfield, they are running a thing right now where if you do sign up, you can get unlimited like one and the V3 prices there are really cheap as well. So, something you might might want to look at. Um, they also have the ability to like, you know, instead of just doing a prompt like you see here, you can do your text prompt, but you can also like essentially add these like add-ons almost. So, you can be like, "All right, I want it to be a selling video like UGC or stream or static or whatever. Tons of cool stuff inside of Higsfield." Quick little plug. Back to our problem. Let's say I don't want to do anime filter. I just want it to look like my store in photo realism and I don't want to do some weird hacky workaround. Well, then your answer is this. You're still going to do a first image. You're just going to do it without her, right? So, I still see the coffee shop, yet I still want a barista, some member of the shop to show up and like give the spiel. Welcome to Chase AI. We open this week, blah blah blah blah. Well, what if I use personas? You know, that's one option. If you haven't seen personas yet, it something you set up inside the app, the Sor 2 app. You have to be in iOS. You take a picture of yourself. You can upload yourself just like you see Sam Alman on there. And so then I could do a prompt like this. Hey at chasegpt walks into the frame. Welcome to the Chase AI coffee shop. Right, this should work great. I add the persona. I add the first image. Let's see what we get. >> Hey, I'm Chase Hanigan. Welcome to the new Chase AI coffee shop. Come on in. Yeah, this is like a nightmare. What is that? Why? What's wrong with my eyes? It looks like I had some like horrific allergy and they just like swelled up and then they actually removed them and then they massacred my coffee shop. They got rid of all the branding and everything that made it cool. And then I walk inside and I don't even know what I'm selling. Looks like things of olive oil. I don't know. But that didn't work, right? So personas are off the table. If you think you can do a persona and throw in the first image, it'll work. It will not. Now what if we mix it up and we get rid of the persona. Instead, we just give it the first image and we say, "Hey." A barista walks into the scene and does the whole spiel. So, let's try that. >> Hi there. Welcome to Chase AI Coffee. Come on in. I'll show you around. We've got a fresh batch brewing and pastries just out of the oven. Make yourself at home. >> So, that is your solution to this problem. If you want to have a person come into your image and you have a starting image that you want to begin with, right? You do that. You give it the starting image and you give it a prompt where someone walks into the scene. So if you have if you want to use Soru for photorealistic marketing and you have some sort of product you're trying to show demonstrate that needs to be there, that's how you would do it. You'd have like the product on a table and say, "Hey, someone comes into the scene, picks up the product, does the whole UC spiel about it." That's the workound. So, is that the hack we're going to have to use if we want to do photorealistic marketing using Sora 2? Yeah, I think so. There's a chance they sort of like loosen the restrictions, right? I think they kind of went over the edge, but just know that's where we're at. So, for our last test, we're going to be looking at an image prompt that's dynamic with very specific audio signals. So, the actual image we're going to be starting with is this one, right? It's like a cameras inside the cockpit looking at someone in an F-14. And the prompt we give it is very detailed. We wanted to do like a 360 degree spin. We want to see GeForce effects. And I have very specific instructions when it comes to what audio I want to hear. I want to hear Viper 2 breaking right. I want to hear the oxygen mask. I want to hear the whoosh effect. Beeps beeps beeps. Breath normalizing. All this stuff. So very detailed dynamic starting image. Let's see how they do. So first up is Sora. two breaking right. Go. I mean, obviously that doesn't look realistic at all. No one would be able to do that. That'd be like 3 billion G's, but wasn't terrible. That you could see that and be like, "All right, I could probably tweak the prompt and get something." Let's see. Juan Juan's been struggling this video. Yeah, I think um I think he dies. I think he died in that video. One not too hot. We didn't get the audio we wanted of like Viber 2 breaking right. It kind of just completely spazzed out. Um not impressed. Now let's see V3 or reliable. What do you got for us? Viper two, break it right. Go. >> So, we get the break right, we get the audio, and then it kind of just like lies straight. It's like it read the first 100 characters of the prompt and then ignored the rest. Again, not awful. You feel like you could tweak the prompt to get something you wanted. So, sort of in the same ballpark as Sword, too. And so, I did even more tests than you saw here, but these trends kind of continued. And the trend is Sora 2 is awesome. Sora 2 is really, really good. But when you use Sora 2, you feel like you don't have a ton of creative control. You feel like you kind of just like nudge it in a general direction and then you roll the dice and you see what sort of cool thing it came up with cuz they always for the most part look good. The issue with that is again and we saw it with the marketing thing just the workarounds we had to do is like if you want to use these AI video models for like commercial purposes in whatever space that is you need creative control like I don't want to sit here and roll the dice and get charged every single time I create a video and even though these prices are going down right so 2 if you use something like the Kai API is 10 cents per 10-second video if you're using Higsfield you can get one 2.5 and V3 for relatively cheap. It's still a cost you have to think about, right? I want to be able to like get to the point where, okay, maybe I do the video two or three times, not I'm doing the video 10 times and we just see what happens. So, I hope we can kind of get to a place where we can start the videos with something like this, like I can put photorealistic images there because then we could do a lot with sore 2. Now, one 2.5 in the context of these tests was a big disappointment. On the other end of the equation, when I use W 2.5 a few days ago, and when I use it inside of Hicksfield and I actually take advantage of things like these dolly ins, dolly outs, handhelds, like all these sort of like presets they have, it does a lot better. But when we're just testing it in terms of like, all right, we're raw dogging this prompt and I just want to see what you can do at a base level without being handheld by sort of the Higsfield's guardrails, it really struggled. But hey, if you're using something like Higsfield and you can use these things, it it does a lot better. But, you know, that goes for all of them and I wanted to judge it on an even playing field. And lastly, V3. Like I said before, it's all reliable. It's going to follow the prompts. It's going to give you something to work with. It's a step below Sora 2 overall, but it doesn't have the lows of something like 1 2.5. On the flip side, since it doesn't have the highs of Sora 2, you're like stuck in this place where it's like, okay, it works, but it's not amazing. Like, it's not great. It's been around long enough to where like nobody's impressed by it. The good thing is like VO3 obviously is as bad as it's ever going to be and I'm sure there's some upgrades on the horizon apparently pretty soon. So hopefully um I can sort of build on the foundation that we see here. So I think the biggest takeaway for all this is there's a ton of variance right from prompt to prompt for the images you use. This is is much more an art form than is a science. But there is definitely gold to be had when it comes to Sora 2. you're just going to have to do a little extra work, especially when it comes to doing it in a marketing sense, right? But I think it can be done. I really do. Even more so if you aren't tied to hyperrealistic stuff, right? If you're willing to go a more creative route, you can essentially get all the benefits of Sora 2 without this, you know, hyper realism, you know, guardrail nonsense. So that's it for this video. Make sure to check out all my resources down below in the comments. The free school, tons of stuff there, especially if you're trying to get into like the AI Asian space. So, let me know in the comments what you thought about this. Hopefully, made it a uh enlightened you a little bit about what these models can and can't do.

=== Sora 2 + n8n = NEW AI Video King (full tutorial + template) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klrEs7ZA0aI

Sora 2 just launched this week, which means we have a new top AI video model in town. And that's a sentence I feel like I've been repeating every couple of days at this point. It is just nonstop. But Sword 2 really is impressive, especially when it comes to mimicking characters. >> I have a dream that I'm never going to give you. I'm never going to let you down. Never going to run around and desert you. >> Creating realistic cuts. >> And for you, sir? >> Uh, yeah. I'll just have some water. >> Oh, no. Oh my. And physics. And while this has been primarily advertised as a social media tool, it should be very obvious how you can leverage something like this for your own commercial uses. And a big key for being able to do that is by having access to an API so we can also integrate it into our AI ecosystems, which is exactly what we're going to be going over in today's video. I'm going to be giving you not one but two NAN templates that use SOR 2, both going from text to video and image to video. Along the way, I'm going to show you how to edit these so you can use them yourself, as well as going over best practices for getting the most out of Sor 2. This is really exciting stuff cuz this model really is legit. So, let's just hop into it. So, before we start, as a reminder, I'm giving you these templates for free. Just head down to the comments, head to my free school. Once you're inside there, you can just search for Sora 2nit. You'll find a post that has the templates. Download them. Come back to any. Come up here to the top right. Just go to import from file. Select that template and you get something that looks exactly like this. From here, you can then follow along with the video and you can edit everything as I explain it. So, now that we got that out of the way, let's kick this off with a demo. So, just so you understand what you're looking at, we have two templates, right? We have the text to video template and we have the image to video template. So, when we want our video created, we are either going to give Sora just a straight up text prompt telling it what we want or we can give it an image for it to start, right? Like, hey, I want this person. I want it to be this starting scene. This gives us a little more creative control. And for the demo, it's all going to be controlled through here inside of Air Table. This is where I put things like my first frame, right? If I wanted to do something like this, this is where I put my video prompt. This is where I set things like my aspect ratio, quality, and this is where I also tell it, hey, I want to do text to video or image to video. So, for our demo, we're just going to do a simple video prompt. So, just text to video. So, the prompt we're going to use is have at@ sama being arrested for stealing chase AI automations. Make it look like body cam footage. So, right away, you're probably asking what is at sama? Well, Sora 2 uses this thing called personas. And personas allow you to insert yourself or others into these videos. So at Sam a sama, that's Sam Alman. He uploaded his own persona to Sora 2. So it looks like him, sounds like him. So if I do at and then a person's persona, it puts them in the video. So that's what you're seeing there. One of the really cool things of Sor 2. Now we just need to select our aspect ratio. We can either do portrait or landscape. Remember, portrait is like on your cell phone. Landscape is a computer screen. Quality, we have HD or standard. And then once I'm ready to create it, I just set it to standby. From here, I'm just going to go create text to video. Click that and you'll see I get a little message up here that the workflow was started. Now, as that is being created, let me give you a highle overview of what's happening throughout the modules. So, right here we have our web hook, right? That was connected to air tableable. When we click that button, it gave this a message saying, "Hey, I want you to create the workflow. I want you to create the video." From there, we go to get data. And that's just grabbing all the information from Air Table, right? The prompt, the settings, all that stuff. From here we then send the video request to actually create the video. This request does not go to OpenAI. This request actually goes to Kai API. Kai API is where we get the API to make all this happen. So Kai API is a marketplace that includes AI video APIs, right? Sora, VR, Runway, C dance, all that as well as AI image APIs and a few other things. We contact them, we give them the information and they're kind of the middleman. They go to Sora and we get our video back. So we got the data and we sent the request. Next we need to get the video. Now, unfortunately, I have found that Kai API doesn't do great with wait node web hook calls. So, essentially this loop you see right here is us going to Kai AI every minute being like, hey, is it done? And if it's done, we update our record with the link. And if it's not done, we wait a minute. That's what you see here. And then we come back and say, hey, is it done? Yes or no? No. Wait a minute. Hey, is it done? Yes. Sends all that information back to Air Table where we see the link for the video. And to jump ahead real quick, it's essentially the same path we see here with image to video. The only difference is, and we'll go into it in more detail in a little bit, is that we're also passing the image when you make that video request, right? We don't just tell them, "Hey, here's the prompt." We say, "Hey, here's the prompt. By the way, here's the starting image I want you to use." Okay, so it finished the video and let's take a look. And you'll notice it automatically switches the status to completed and then just leaves you a link right here. So, let's see how it did. >> Alman, step over here a second. What's going on? You're under arrest for the theft of proprietary chase AI automations. >> Wait, what? I didn't take >> Hands behind your back, sir. >> Come on. This is a misunderstanding. >> Turn around. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can be used against you. >> So, I mean, that actually did a pretty good job all the way up to the last second where the uh police officer sat inside of Sam Alman, but you can see how good of a job it does when it comes to just like the quick cuts and the fact that I didn't even give it any of the dialogue. It's actually really good at taking a simple prompt and creating something pretty coherent. So, now that you've seen the demo, you have a general understanding of what's going on from a highle overview and you have the template in front of you. Now, let's go module by module and I'll explain what's going on under the hood. And then at the very end, I'll give you sort of my take on what the best practices are for actually getting videos that look good. So, first things first, we'll start with text to video and then we'll do image to video at the end cuz it's essentially the same. So, text to video, right? We have our web hook. Now, what you are going to need to do is you're going to have to click on production URL. You need to copy this. You then need to go back to Air Table and again I will give you the template for this. Go to create text to video. Go to edit field and you're going to need to change this URL formula. Now, you see where there's the question mark, right? Question mark record ID. Everything before that, that's what you're going to delete. And then you're going to paste in yours. what you are going to see in the template I give you, it'll say like um your web hook here. So, where it says your web hook here, replace that with your web hook, right? Keep the question mark, keep the record ID. That way, it will actually work for you. Now, spoiler alert, you're going to have to do the same thing over here with create image to video, but you will be using this web hook instead. So, once you do that, next thing we need to do is look at this get data node. So, we need to connect our Air Table account to it. If you've never done that before, just go ahead and go to the docs right here. It will take you step by step how to connect air tableable. It's very easy. Should take you less than 60 seconds. We need to connect it to the correct um base. So mine is called sore to automation. Yours should be called something similar. And then you'll see this filter by formula which says status equals standby. If we come back in here, remember how we switch the status the standby. That's how it knows which one to pull the data from. Now, if you create a video, like let's say I didn't like that last video we did and I wanted to redo it. I just have to set it back to standby and hit create again and it will overwrite everything. That being said, it will overwrite this link here. So, if you kind of want to keep them all together, make sure you download it before you rerun it. Next, we have our output fields. That's us just telling the system, hey, this is the data I want to get back. So, title, video prompt, aspect ratio, quality, and status. Now, of note, usually there is a difference in terms of price when it comes to quality, but according to Kai AI, there is no difference. So, whether you go HD or standard, you're paying the same amount, which is about 1 cent per second. It's a 10-second video, so 10 cents. And that's actually pretty cheap considering the quality of this. Next, we create the video request. And what you are going to need here is you are going to need a Kai AI API. Now, we do it using uh the generic credential type header off system. So, you're going to do generic credential type header off and then go down to Kai AI. Now, if you haven't created a Kai AAI account before, you're just going to go to create new credential. We're going to type in authorization. Sorry. Make sure you have the correct exact spelling and uh capitalization. And then we're going to need to find our API key. Where do we do that? Well, we're going to go to Kai API. And there's a link to that in the template as well. So, once you're inside here, you're going to create an account. It's free to create an account. And you get a few credits to start, but I suggest adding five 10 bucks. You're then going to go to the top right. You're going to go to dashboard. You're going to go to API key on the left. You're going to create a new API key. And then you're going to copy it. Once you're back inside here, you can switch it to expression so you can see what you're writing. And you're going to do bearer capital B space your API key, whatever that is. Copy it in there. Switch to fixed. Save it. And you're all set. Now, let's take a look at the JSON payload. Again, you don't need to change any of this. So, what are we doing? We're defining the model. So, sore to text to video. And then we're passing the prompt. We're passing the aspect ratio, which is either portrait or landscape. And then our quality. That's all we're passing. When we look at the image to video, it's going to be the same exact thing. It's just going to include a link to the image. And if you're wondering where the heck are you getting all this information, well, I'm getting it from Kai AI. So if you go to Kai AI and you come up to Sora 2 and we're on text to video, if you go to API, also understand you can test it here with different prompts. If I go to API, this is where I'm getting all the information, right? This is it's specifying, hey, this is what the settings should look like. This is what you can change. This is like, you know, the max length of the characters for the input. And I suggest even if you're someone who's like hard no code, like you don't know anything about coding at all. Take the time to look at this stuff, copy it, paste it, throw it in AI, and have it explain it to you because the more you work with this, the more you need to like be willing to get familiar with what's really happening under the hood. You don't need to understand necessarily the syntax of why is there an H, why is there a D, but you should be able to see this, right? All this like code, all this JSON and being able to be like, okay, like I get kind of what's happening. Like I understand, you know, what this post URL is. I understand what's being passed here. You need to understand the fundamentals and like the architecture of these sorts of things if you're going to do no code AI, even if you can't replicate the syntax exactly from scratch. So that's where we get the that information. Again, the only thing you need to change is make sure you have your API key in there. From there, we're then just requesting the video. Like I said, we're just coming up to it every minute and be like, "Hey, is it done?" Same thing as before. You need to have your header off in there. So, Kai AI and you can see here what we're passing and what we have mapped is the um task ID over here on the left. You see that task ID that's generated whenever you ask for a request, right? I request for the video to be made. They give me a task ID. That task ID is like my receipt that I take back to KI Kai AI and say, "Hey, is my order done?" So here in the if node alls we're doing is we're checking to see if the state is equal to success. If it's success that means it's done. If not it means we're still waiting and you get this loop. And then lastly alls we're doing is we're updating that air table record. Now this is red right now due to how pins work. Don't worry about that. You don't have to change anything here. Just make sure your correct accounts are set up and that you're connected to the right air table base. In this case so 2. We match on ID. That's how it knows which row to go to. We switch the status to completed. That way it automatically does that swap when the video is done. And you see here we passed the video link. You will notice here we have it like in more JSON code with a parse. That's because Kai AI is lazy and ugly and they like to give your result URL in this disgusting hideous block of text over here on the left. I don't know why they do that, but this is how we solve it. And once it's done, you see what we saw here, right? status will get switched to completed and your video link will populate. It's really that easy, right? It's all set up. So, all you have to do is come here, give it the video prompt, give it a title to keep yourself organized, select your parameters, and click a button and repeat and repeat and repeat. Now, let's very quickly run through what's going on here on the image to video, right? What's the difference? Well, the differences are going to be here in this module. You will notice we pass down here the first frame. Okay, that's just the image. And then in the video request, the only difference is going to be the image URL right here. Right? That's the only difference. That's us passing the image URL from Air Table because Air Table actually gives us one, which is super nice. That's why I love Air Table. And that's the only difference. Only thing you need to do down here is again connect the right accounts, put in your API key, and you're all set. And in terms of putting the first frame in here, right, whatever that is, literally you can just take an image and you drag and drop it in here. That easy. So that's the NAND Sora 2 templates in a nutshell. Now I don't want you to look at these and say, "Oh, here's a completely endto-end holistic social media machine just with these simple workflows." No, these are a tool, a very modular tool that you should start think of how you can plug and play into your greater social media marketing ecosystem, right? Whatever that may be. With these templates, you now have the Sora tool in your toolbox, right? It's up to you to figure out, well, how do I really want to deploy that, right? But now you have the ability to do so outside of like I don't know having the sore 2 app on your phone and creating something and screen recording it and downloading and doing some nonsense. This lets us actually like lay the foundation to scale this into something real. Now the very last thing I wanted to touch on was some best practices. What I have noticed in contrast to some other AI models, Sora 2 almost does better with more concise prompts, less complicated prompts because like you saw in some of the demos I showed you, like it does quick cuts. It does a really good job of like filling in the gap. So you have to do less of like very detailed paragraphs long breakdown of what you want to see because it kind of like already knows what it wants to do. And if you give it too much detail, I noticed that the output wasn't great. It almost made it worse. So less is more I have found was sore too. And then lastly, like I mentioned before, take a look at these personas like Sam and all that. And if you don't know where to find them or have no idea or want like inspiration, go on to the Sora 2 app like on your phone. It's free. You can scroll through and see what people are doing. So that's it for this video. Make sure to check out my school communities down below. Tons of free resources. And if you're more serious about this stuff and want to dive deeper on how to actually make money with it, check out the paid community,

=== I Let Sonnet 4.5 Build My n8n AI Agents - Here's What Happened ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qL_cUd0vZQ

Can Sonnet 4.5 take our prompts and create complex AI agents and automations inside of NadN that actually work? This is the question that we are going to be answering today's video as we run 4.5 through a number of tests, seeing how well it can actually create these workflows given rather complex prompts. Finding an AI model that actually allows it to prompt your way into AI agents has been like the search for the holy grail for the low code community for some time now, and Sonnet 4.5 might actually be the answer. So, no more waiting around. Let's just jump in and start testing. So, let's set the stage for this video real quick. When I'm talking about Sonnet 4.5, what I'm not talking about is jumping into Cloud AI, going to Sonnet 4.5 on your model, and just giving it a prompt, right? We need more than that. The model isn't at that level yet. What you're seeing here today is going to be Sonnet 4.5 inside of Cloud Code being used in conjunction with the NAN MCP server, right? We have like this holy trinity of no code tools that are going to allow us to do what you see in this video, which is really powerful stuff. Now, right away, that's going to turn off a bunch of you because you're no code. You're in the NAN stuff. You don't know what a terminal is. You've never touched Cloud Code, right? Right away, like I'm kind of losing you. I know it's intimidating. I'm going to link two videos above right now. The first one is Cloud Code for non-coders, right? It's going to set you up for success if you actually want to get into this space because you should get into this space if you're serious about it. The second one is how to set up the NAN MCP server inside of Cloud Code. The NAND MCP server is vital for us to be able to do these things, right? This is what like supercharges Sonet 4.5 in the NAND capacity. Okay? And because of that, I'm linking you those two videos. Take a look at them. I'm not going to spend 20 minutes in this video teaching you the same stuff. Here's how I do the MCP server, all that. No, we're going straight into testing so you can see the outcomes and then make decisions based on that. So, with that being said, in that last video where I took 4.1 Opus and Sonnet and added the MCP server, we did a few tests. We did an easy workflow, a medium workflow, and a more complex workflow. It killed it with the easy and medium workflows. 4.5 will do the same. We don't care about that. We're not testing about that. I want to see how it does on hard stuff. So, for our first test, we're going to do the exact same test we did with 4.1, right, which was a LinkedIn automation. Now, let me read you the actual prompt and I'll superimpose it on the screen. I want you to create an NAND workflow using the NAND MCP server. Big picture, this automation is meant to help people land jobs by scraping LinkedIn jobs board via appy, identifying hiring managers of the job, then crafting custom messages for those managers. The automation should begin with the user filling out a form, identifying the job they want. Based on that form, I then want you to scrape LinkedIn jobs, use web search to figure out the correct scrapers to use, bring the jobs back to the user, user chooses the jobs he likes. From there, find the hiring managers, create the custom email, and create a draft. Any questions? So that's actually a lot we're asking it to do, right? We're saying, "Hey, you the user, what sort of job do you want?" We want the automation to find those jobs on LinkedIn, bring them back, give us a list. You see the list as a user. You say, "Okay, I like job one, two, and three. Thumbs up." The automation that says, "Cool, I found those three jobs. Let me find hiring managers for all three, and then craft custom emails for each and bring that back to you to look at." Right? There's a lot happening there. That involves a lot of scrapers. We didn't tell it which scrapers to use. So, it has to do web search. Right? There's a lot going on under the hood for this automation, not just for getting it to work, but like finding out what it even needs to use, right? We gave it kind of minimal information. So, that's what we did. That's what we gave the 4.1. So, this is what 4.1 gave us. And if you remember in the last video, we had modules that didn't even exist. You see the one with the question mark and the amplify scrapers themselves were completely busted. So, now what we're looking at is setup 4.5's output for the exact same prompt. You'll notice right away we have no error out modules, which is great. And on the whole, it's a bit more complicated, a bit more in-depth. And just going through this super fast, one of the things that I know it will probably mess up is stuff like the Appify scrapers, right? Because Appify scrapers means it had to go on the web. It had to figure out a which scrapers it's supposed to get and then b how to actually like modify the HTTP request module to do the correct JSON payload. And if I go down here to the body type, I'd see it actually started filling stuff out, which is great, right? It actually did its research. And if we look in here, yep, this is repeated. The other thing I would love to see is like an actual system message. That makes sense. So, if I click inside of here, and this is the one that's generating the email, what do I see here? All right, I see a system prompt gives it an eight-step process for how it should actually write the email. So, I like this. Now, zooming out real quick, does the general logic make sense, right? Job search form, scrape the jobs, upload the jobs to Google Sheets, and then sends you an email. You then select which jobs you like. Gets all the info from the jobs, filters, finds hiring managers, gets all the managers, creates the emails, creates the draft. Okay, on the surface, this looks great. And this is probably going to be like an 80% solution. Do I expect this to be a complete oneshot when we're doing more complex automations? Like you saw the prompt we gave it. That wasn't easy. But if you do that for like any complex prompt and this is what gets spit out in comparison to what you saw before, that is a huge leap forward. So, I think this is an awesome job. So, that was the result of the first test. Now, let's hop into Claude Code and talk really quickly about some of the best practices when you do this. So, what we're doing now is I'm having it just kind of like oneshot everything. But, you don't need to do that, right? You can give it the prompt, put it in planning mode, ask it to ask you questions, so you're all on the same page before it actually codes it. What I've noticed too with 4.5 is, and this was really obvious when you compared the 4.1 to 4.5 outputs, was like the 4.5 goes much more in depth, more detailed, larger automations, that also means a larger JSON prompt. So, while this MCP server does have the ability to actually go inside your NAN instance and create it for you, like the one we just saw, the workflow itself was actually too long. It was too much for the API parameters. So, I just had to copy paste the code and paste it in there. Took 5 seconds, but just know that going in. And it also does a really good job when it comes to giving you deployment steps, right? Tells me to import the workflow. It also goes into detail about like, hey, here's the credentials you need to put in there, right? You need to do it as authorization. This is what it should look like, which is really, really nice if you're ever confused about, okay, how am I supposed to actually authenticate these various HTTP requests? It goes into the actual flow, how to use it, and it even tells us the estimated cost, which I love as well. So, here's what we're giving it for test number two. I want you to create a research agent with a multi-agent architecture that I can use for short, medium, and long form type posting. This is for NAN and I want you to use the NN MCP server. What questions do you got? Now, unlike test number one, this time we're going to do a little back and forth, right? And you can see right away it gives us uh basically seven different questions, sorry, 10 different questions that it adds when it comes to like how do you actually want to build this? This is a great practice to have when you work with Claude is like actually do some planning with it, right? And so this way you can really drill down to get the sort of output you want. But for testing, I'm not going to hook it up. I'm not going to tell it what I want. I'm actually going to tell it use your best judgment, right? Let's see what it comes up with. Now, it looks like it might be going crazy and just sending it cuz I didn't actually have it in test mode. I had it in bypass mode. But let's take a look at what it's kind of thinking uh what it's thinking looks like because it shows it as it's happening. So we see the architecture right here. Multi- aent architecture workflow form trigger research agent analysis agent content agents three of them in parallel Google Sheets and the Gmail draft right that's not a bad idea so it shows the agent roles you have your research agent using SER AI 10 to 15 sources an analysis agent short form writer for Twitter LinkedIn a medium form writer more for newsletter blogs and then a long form writer for full article support now this is great and you could totally see how it kind of already breaks it into short form but how you could tailor this for different you know social media sites right So, looks like it might be waiting for me, but it actually looks like it's just going um just going to work. So, we'll come back once it's done. So, here's what it gave us. And this is looking pretty rough. So, let's tidy this up. And all right, so it looks like it completely was busted on all the output parsers and the tools and as well as actually connecting GPT to it. So, that's a shame. And all it really did is it went kind of nuts on just doing agent after agent after agent. In theory, this should be fine, right? Like you have the research agent with the tool at SER API and analysis agent than sending it through. But to be honest, I expected a little more. It's kind of surprising that the LinkedIn one, which frankly was a much more complex prompt, we got a much more coherent output than this. So, all in all, kind of disappointed in 4.5 on this one. Although, to be honest, our prompt probably wasn't the best. Okay, so 4.5 definitely disappointed when it came to the research agent. Now let's take a look at how it does on creating a personal assistant/rag agent. So the prompt I'm giving it is okay, I now want you to create an naden rag agent. I want it hooked up to superbase. I want there to be a data ingestion pipeline so that the user can drop a document inside of a Google drive and then have that doc routed, chunked, and inserted into the superbase vector database. I also want the agent to have access to an assortment of executive assistant type tools, think email, calendar, etc. Let's see your plan. All right, so here's the plan it came up with. It's actually telling us it wants to do two workflows, which I like. So the first one's all going to be about data ingestion. It's going to include the Google Drive trigger download extraction. So everything I see here, this looks good. Then workflow number two is the rag agent, and it's saying it's going to have the vector store tool attached to it. Great. That makes sense. As well as Gmail tool, Google calendar, an HTTP request tool for custom integrations. Like, okay. Code tool. All right. calculator tool. All right, that's okay. It was pretty basic. Um, you also see here it goes into like the text chunking strategy, what it's sort of thinking. It also goes into template inspiration because part of the NAN MCP server, one of the great things about it is it'll actually look at templates out there to see how other people have done things. So, it actually references them here. And boom, boom, boom, next step. So, we're going to have it go ahead and create it and then I'll show you the output. So, it's telling us it successfully deployed both workflows. It gives us some setup instructions of how we can actually, you know, configure the Superbase stuff for Rag. And then what's interesting here, if we scroll down, it actually points out like optional enhancements as well as known issues to fix. So it already knows like, hey, there's an issue with the load document data. And then it also says like, hey, the Gmail node has this issue, calendar node has this issue, and it says both tool nodes are placeholders. So it's kind of interesting that it essentially uploaded errors but it knew it knew enough to be like oh by the way those are wrong. So I guess that's something of a positive. So let's see what it looks like. So first thing we got here is the data ingestion system. So watches for Google Drive downloads extracts loads the document into Superbase. This right away I know looks good. Now the great thing about NN MCP like I said is it has examples to work off of. So if we're doing something that someone somewhere has done like it does a good job. That's why I was so surprised the second test we did. It kind of sucked because research agents for that aren't terribly uncommon. But this is great, right? Rag agent up and running. Now, here's a look at the rag agent itself. So, it has the chat interface. We see it has the memory. It has sort of just a generic HTTP request tool, a calculator. Now, like we said was interesting before is the Google calendar and the Gmail is kind of messed up, but it actually announced that in cloud code itself. So kind of odd, but like at least I knew that going in this was going to be messed up. We have GPT40 and then we have the actual superbase doc uh superbase poll. Now issue here we have embedding here which is connected yet it's not connected to the embedding section which is also odd. But again I think what you see here is sort of just like mirroring everything else which is like a 50 to 80% solution. But what's a 70 or what's an 80% solution now with 4.5 was a 60% solution with 4.1. What you see here is like a 50% solution. With 4.1 it would have been like a 40%. So really if you want my like ultimate conclusions take on all this is like we are slowly incrementing our way forward when it comes to this prompt to workflow stuff which is great right like we aren't that far away from this kind of whatshotting these things every single time especially as it gets more and more data to work off of when it comes to like the workflow repositories but I will say just like I did in the last video like who actually benefits from this who actually benefits from like using clawed code in this manner. People who are actually good at NN, people who actually know what they're doing, right? This still isn't something for someone who's brand new and inexperienced to put in a prompt and create something. Caveat, you can do that for simpler workflows, but for more complex stuff like you already need to know how to go from here to something that works, right? And you only know how to do that if you've done it from zero to 100 before manually. So I think even more so than 4.1 4.5 is a boon for those of us who are more experienced with nadn you can save a ton of time right from here I can go to something that works very very fast right very very quickly um someone who isn't experienced I can't do that so if you're someone who is more experienced and is looking for a way to sort of like boost your productivity I think you know this claude code nmncp 4.5 triumvirate can actually do a lot of work for you and so you should probably start messing around with this actually go a little bit more into the back and forth to see what you can create because if you do a great prompt and you actually nail down what you want, you can get something really solid. So, as always, let me know what you thought about this in the comments. Also, let me know like if you want to see more stuff with claw code and end if you'd like to see more like best practices and less like oneshot testing and more like okay let's actually try to make this work and like really give it as much data as we can up front to give us workflows that truly are um legit and production ready cuz I think that'd be an interesting path to go down rather than just kind of like all right how good are you at a one shot. So, um yeah, also check out the school as always. Tons of resources there if you're trying to get u more into the AI agency space.

=== Wan 2.5 (the Veo 3 Killer) is NOW in n8n (full tutorial & template) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpF8Cn25Txc

So V3 finally has some competition this week. Juan 2.5 dropped and it's a brand new video model that actually includes audio just like Google's V3. Building dreams is hard unless you've got Lego. >> This has huge repercussions for anybody who uses AI for content creation. Whether that's from a creative side or if you're someone who's trying to use AI for marketing. The greatest magic is an iPhone. >> Because not only is it a really strong model performance-wise, it also has virtually no restrictions. >> Drink Coke or we'll kill you. >> You can have anybody market any product you want, say anything you want. So, we're essentially looking at VO3 with no guard rails. >> Right now, all I need is some Chase AI automation. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to get the most out of this tool, whether you're using it for creative purposes or commercial. And at the end, I'm even going to show you an end automation, so we can actually automate this whole process and control it all from Air Table. >> So, let's get started. >> So, like I talked about in the intro, we're going to be splitting this video really into two halves. The first half is going to be us like manually going through the video creation workflow, right? How does one 2.5 work and what should be your general creative process when it comes to creating videos that are actually good, right? Because there is some skill involved with that. And in the second half of the video, we'll dive into the NAN stuff. I'll give you the template hint. You can get it for free down in the comments and we'll go through how we can actually automate all this. But there's no point in automating anything until you know how to use it for real, right? In a manual sense. And that's what we're going to start with here. So one 2.5, like I said, this is essentially V3's first real competition. Every other video generation model up until this point with the exception of VO hasn't been able to do audio at the same time. This one is and it works pretty much exactly the same as VO. You'll see over here on the left you have a section for the prompt, right? And you also have the ability to give it a first frame. Now, we're not able to do first frame, last frame with one 2.5 just yet, which is kind of a bummer, but you can at the very least start with initial frame from which the video will start. Now, you also have the option to just do text. So, I could give it no video, no image at all to start with, and then we can go purely off a textbased. From there, we then have the option for duration. So, you can do up to 10 seconds in this video. And you can also play with the resolution. So, you have 1080p or 720p. And I'll show you in the automation, we can actually go down to 480p. Each of those has their own price point. So, right now I'm inside of Higsfield, which is a website that has a bunch of different like video creation tools on and image creation tools, but there's a bunch of different places you can use one 2.5. Right here is Kai Aai. This is what we're actually going to be using later down the line when we use the API, but you can go here as well and test it out in their playground. Same idea. You give it the prompt, you give it the image URL. Now, right up front in terms of pricing, what are we looking at? You're looking at if you're doing 1080p about 10 cents per second. If you do 720p, it's 6 cents. If you go over to Higsfield, if you pay for I believe their creator, which is like I don't know 30 40 bucks a month. They actually let you do unlimited one at 720p for the next like week or so. So if you're already in Higsfield, it's great. I don't think you need to get Higsfield for this, but if you want to play with it just kind of as like a peacemeal basis, go ahead and check out Kai AI. The link will be down below. So now let's talk about the sort of creative workflow process to actually create content with Juan 2.5. Now what you saw at the beginning is actually really easy to recreate, right? Where we had some sort of movie scene and had them, you know, say whatever line we want and bring out some product. That's actually very simple thing to do. I mean, all we'd have to do is go to like Google, go to iconic movie scenes, find a movie scene, right? Literally just a picture, copy it, put it as the initial image, and then give it a prompt, right? So we could take this one from like Clint Eastwood. I could copy this. I then upload the photo. Give it a simple prompt. In this case, I just say the camera zooms in on the man as he holds up a can of Coca-Cola and says how much he loves it. I then just hit run. And these usually take anywhere from like 2 to 4 minutes. And it's going to show us the video. That is the simplest way to do this, but it's not the best way. And the best way is going to depend on what you're actually trying to do. Now, the most important thing outside of us doing kind of these goofy gimmick videos with, you know, celebrities is we need a really strong starting image, right? What is that first frame? That's going to dictate how good the video actually is. Now, if you're doing something again like this, you're just taking from a movie scene. That's easy, right? We just copy and we paste it in there. But if you're starting from scratch, how do you make that initial image? Well, you have a number of different options. My favorite option for starting from scratch if we're trying to create something with AI is Midjourney. Now Midjourney is a paid service. I think the lowest tier is about seven bucks. You could also use free options, right? Chat GPT. You can also use Gemini. You can use Nano Banano to create the initial image as well. I would argue Nano Banana is best as like an image editor versus an image generator. But hey, we can't all afford 10,000 different AI AI apps. But I really like Midjourney. And you'll notice here, right, this podcaster you saw at the intro, I created this using Midjourney. And you'll notice Midjourney is really the best, I think, in the business when it comes to creating these first images. And if you've never used MidJourney before, it's really easy. Alls I did was go up here and I gave it a very simple prompt. Close-up of a woman podcaster sitting at a desk in front of a microphone staring into the camera. Right? Gave me a bunch of different options. If I wanted to like then play off this one, I could vary it. like there's so many ways to get a very strong image at midjourney and I argue they really look good um especially compared to some of the others. But that's what you need starting out. You need a very strong initial image. That's step one. Then step two is editing the image. Your two real options here are going to be nano banana or seedream 4.0. Right? For a lot of people, Nano Banana is the easiest cuz it's also free. So often times you're going to create that initial image, but you're going to want to change it. Right? We have this woman, she's the podcaster, she's at her microphone. Well, what if I wanted to create a series of videos of perhaps her holding up some of my merch, right? Or for whatever reason, or I wanted her in a different pose or in a different scene, whatever. I need to be able to take that initial image and change things about it, right? This is where Nano Banana is great. Same thing with Cadream because we have character consistency. So, right, so I can have it say, "Hey, have the woman be sitting in a coffee shop drinking coffee, right? So on and so forth. I actually have a whole video that dives really deep into how to use Nana Banana specifically to to like put it inside your own marketing workflow. I'll link that above, but that's step two, right? You have your initial image. What do you want to do with it? What do you want your scenes to be about? This is where you go into Nano Banana and actually edit it to get what you want. So, step one was the most important, right? Creating that foundational image. Step two is editing the image either through Nano Banana or Cadream. And step three is actually creating the video. And really, it's about crafting the prompt. Now, a lot of these programs are starting to do this. What you see right here is enable prompt expansion, which is essentially a prompt op prompt optimizer. So, I can put it a garbage prompt, and if this is selected, it's going to help it out, right? It's going to kind of nudge it along and make it a bit more expressive. I would argue this is a crutch that you do not want to lean on because it gives you less control. Instead, what we need to do is we need to start coming up with a general prompt on our own and then taking it to an AI like Gemini, like Claude, like ChatgBT and saying, "Hey, help me out with this prompt." That way, you can at least see the final product. Because with these prompt optimizers, you don't see the final prompt. It just gets changed along with the request that's sent. So, you never see what they really tell it, right? And we're paying a decent penny, like a pretty penny for all these like video generations. I want to know what's happening, right? I want to be in control. So, what do we want this girl to do? Well, what I want her to do is I want her to put down her coffee and then she's going to tell you to like and subscribe my channel. And what's the best way to go about this? Well, what I like to do is I will actually take the image. I will copy it. So, I've taken that first frame, I dropped it in the cloud, and I said, "This is the image I'm using for an image to video generator. I want her to put down her coffee and say, "Make sure to like and subscribe. Can you give me a strong prompt for that?" Now, this is obviously a very simple action, but this is still the sort of template you should use, right? And you'll notice it gets pretty detailed about describing the woman herself. It doesn't just say, "Hey, the woman put down her coffee." By making it more explicit in this prompt, it tends to give you a much better final video. So, it goes everything in the action sequence, eye contact, dialogue, emotion, right? It does a lot better than I would and and uh a lot faster. So, we're going to copy that. We'll come back into here. We'll paste that in. And then at this point, we're just going to do 720p and we'll run it. Okay, while we were doing that, this video finished up. So, let's take a look at Clint Eastwood and Coca-Cola. >> I love this Coca-Cola. It's the best thing out here. >> Actually, pretty good. I don't know what's going on up here up top, but the logo itself does a really good job. Like even like the dirty fingers and the lighting all looks pretty solid. And it even kind of changes the focus so Clint isn't um he's kind of blurred in the background. Now, let's take a look at this one and see how it came out. >> Make sure to like and subscribe. >> Well, that one could have been a little better. Um looks like it even added subtitles, so that's something you can also do. Um and you'll also notice in the background that it can include music. Um so that's another thing to note. So yeah, like you saw this one, these video models, like all AI tools right now, they're still not 100% going to be able to oneshot everything. Um, so that is something you want to know going forward. And so the last example we'll look at is one of my own products. So my brother and I run a creatine gummy business called Max Gummies. I was like, "Hey, how about I throw these gummies into here?" And we have like Dwayne the Rock Johnson walk in. And this is kind of what it created. >> I love creatine gummies. So, you know, it's not perfect, but it is kind of wild how good this stuff is getting. So, that's one 2.5 in a nutshell. That's what it can do. You can see it's still a little rough around the edges in certain parts, but we should all be super excited that there actually is a competitor to V3 cuz now we can actually have prices kind of come down and hopefully the quality will go up alongside that. So, this brings us to part two of the video, which is the NAND automation piece, right? This allows us to get outside of Higs Fields, outside of Kai AAI, and create a workflow that we can then plug and play with other AI content creation things that we've built inside of NAN. So, here's the Air Table setup with just a couple examples in here. So, it's pretty straightforward. First of all, you're just going to give it some sort of title so you understand which one it is. And then you're just going to drag and drop your first frame into here. Remember, this is the frame that starts the video. From there, we have our video prompt. We have our duration. And you can choose either five or 10 seconds. You have your resolution, 480p, 720, or 1080. Then you have the ability to optimize a prompt. Do you want it to be optimized or not? You have the option. It defaults to false. Now, if I create a new row like I just did there, you'll notice there's some default values that populate duration, resolution, and prompt. What will not be um filled out at first is the status. So, you need to set it to standby if you want it to be created. If I hit create and this is on standby, it will then pull all that data and run it through the NN automation. Once the automation is completed, it will fill out the video link and it will swap this to completed. We have that status set up that way you don't accidentally start videos you don't want to start and it doesn't like repeat videos that it's already completed. Right? So, all you have to fill out again is the status. Define what you want here and then give it the prompt in the first frame. That simple. You click this button and it runs. Now, the only thing you need to edit when you get this template and again you can get it inside of the NADN um template itself. Right right here, if you click on the resources air table template, it will bring you here. Just do copy base. Once you have this up for real, you're going to go to um edit fields for create video. And right here, this URL formula, you're going to have to edit. So, and I'll show you how to do that. So, let's just go through this module by module. So the first module is that web hook. You click into here and you go to production URL. You click on that and copy it. Come back into here and then paste it into here. Right? That's what you need to change. And it's everything up until that equal sign. And when I give you the base, it'll show you exactly how to do it. Other than that, there's nothing we need to touch inside of Air Table. And the rest of this is very simple. So right here, this is the air table module. You just need to make sure it's on the correct base and table. And then this is just us saying, hey, if it's set to standby, grab all the data, the frames, the duration, the prompt, all that. Next, we are then sending the request to Kai AI to create that video. So remember, this is Kai AI. We're using their API to create this. So if you click inside here, you can see all the API information and where I got all this, all this info. You are going to have to add some billing to Kai Aai. Obviously, this costs money. And then to get your API key, you're just going to come up here to your dashboard top right. And then just click API key and create your API key. And then to insert it, you're going to go to header. You're going to do generic credential type header off and then create a Kai AI header off. What it should look like is something like this. Authorization and then the value will be bearer bearer space and then your API key. So, bunch of number and letters that you copied over. That's what it should look like. You'll then go back to fixed. You'll save it and you're all set. Now, what we send in the body, you can see right here, we're just sending the prompt, image, duration, resolution, and then enable prompt expansion. That's just all the data we grab from Air Table. We're putting inside in this request. From there, we then request to get the video. Now, if you've watched any of my other videos, you know it's a pet peeve of mine when we have to do this right this if thing and do the the weight loop. Unfortunately, Kai Aai, same thing with FO really, and it might actually be an NN problem with one of their latest models, the weight web hook node just isn't working properly. It just kind of stalls out. If none of that rings a bell for you, just know that this loop, this is us saying, hey, is the video done? If the video is not done, we wait a minute and then we check again. Hey, is the video done? Eventually, it will be done. Once the video is complete, it goes through this true um passage. And from there, we then just update the record. And so if we look here, we're matching it by title so it goes in the right row and then we're just updating the status and then putting in the video link. Pretty easy, right? Overall, this is a very very barebones um automation. But the idea is now you have the Juan 2.5 tool inside of your toolkit. And whenever you want to apply this in your greater AI creation ecosystem within NN, you now have the ability to do that, right? So I think there's a ton of use for that, especially as these models get better and better and better. And so to recap, once you have this set up and saved and set to active, then you're able to come in here, you know, you just put in your frame, put in the prompt, set your parameters, hit create, and it will automatically run it and populate for you here. That easy. And then last thing over here on the left, like I said, this will take you to the APIs you need. If you click on the template down here for resources, it will take you here. just hit copy base up top and that will allow you to download the air table template as well. Um I also have links to the Kai AI one 2.5 as well as a breakdown of the cost in case you forget. So that's it for this video guys. I think this one 2.5 I think all the AI video stuff in general is super exciting. I think this one is great in particular because Alibaba and a lot of their WAN models have been open source up to this point. 2.5 isn't, but it makes you think down the road it might be, which in which case you could have this running on your actual computer creating these videos slower, but for all intents and purposes for free, right? And it also helps to remember like this is the worst these are ever going to be, right? They're only going to get better. Um, which is just really exciting. So, let me know in the comments what you thought of this. As always, check out the school. All these templates are there for free. and I'll see you guys around.

=== Top 10 Tips to Master n8n (Full Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQjTqD-wAvw

I've been using Naden for over a year now and in this video I'm going to show you the top 10 tips and tricks that I wish I had known from the beginning as it would have saved me a ton of time now. These tips are going to range from super beginner friendly stuff all the way to some more advanced topics. So no matter where you are in your journey, I think you'll find some value here. So without further ado, let's just hop into it. So tip number one is going to be really basic. It's going to be how do we insert fake data into our modules? Now this is super important when we are testing things and first building them out. And so what I'm talking about is if I go into a module and oftentimes we'll be doing this with our trigger module, the very first one. How do I change this data right here? Well, obviously since this was a form, what I could do is I can go to execute workflow. It'll bring the form up and I could do this step by step, right? But what if I want to change things and I don't want to constantly have the form pop up again and again and again and again. I just want to change specific things. Well, if I click into my module on the right side, we see the output. And I'll zoom in a bit for you. Now up here in the top right we have this little pencil and this is editing the output data. Now if I click on that I can now go in here and I can add data, edit data, put in whatever data I want, right? This is how we can put quote unquote fake data to test our workflow. And this is super useful if I'm doing something like a form submission that you see here that has a bunch of stuff that I need to insert, right? I don't want to have to fill this out every single time to change one or two things. I just want to go in here and add stuff, you know, like little minutia. So, let's say I wanted to add something like, you know, their monthly recurring revenue, right? I could just do MRR, put it in here, and then put in the data, right? 50,000 rather than going in here, editing this exact module from the ground up, and spinning it back up again, right? Super easy. And we can do this with any data in any module, right? Makes it really easy to test things. So, once you do that, you'll hit save and you'll see it reflected right here as if the option of MR was in the form itself. And that brings us to tip number two, which is pinning data. Now, when I save this, it automatically pinned it. And you can see that up here, this data is pinned for test evaluations. Now, pinning and unpinning data, very simple. Over here on the top right next to that pencil, we see this little tack. And if I click it, it's unpinned. And if I click it, it's pinned. Now, why would we ever want to pin data? Why do we care about this? Well, again, it goes to testing. So, now that this is pinned, if I were to hit execute workflow, it's going to automatically use that pin data. I'm not going to have to insert all that information back into the form. It just assumes it's already been done, right? And I can continue to do that for every single module I want. And pinning data is useful in a ton of scenarios. Take this workflow for example. This is a content creation workflow that creates AI videos. This module right here does it. So, I'm going to go ahead jump in here and pin the data. And let's say I was trying to test something downstream of this module, right? It takes a lot of time to create videos. It's also expensive. If I was trying to test something here, right, the final module of updating the record, do I want to go through this workflow every single time to make sure it works? No, of course not. That would take a ton of time and it would cost me a ton of money. If I instead pin this data, every time I run this workflow, it's just going to assume it was already created using this pin data that already occurred in the first place, right? So, I just had to run it once, pin it, or I could run it zero times and, you know, go ahead in here and edit it however I wish, right? you can see sort of the possibilities in testing phase with editing and pinning. So you should be constantly pinning data when you are creating workflows for the first time. It's going to save you a a ton of time and b a lot of money. So now let's roll into tip number three which is shortcuts. Now if I want to pin this, it's really annoying if I have to go in here and manually pin it, right? Well, there's a shortcut for that. If I just click on the module and hit P on my keyboard, unpins it. Pins it. Unpins it. Pins it. I can even drag all these, right? and pin them all. Or, you know, conversely, click them all with control and they're all selected and unpin them and pin them. And there's a ton of shortcuts on N9 you may not know about. I don't want to tell you how long it took me to realize. If I hit tab, it'll bring up this over here. If I click on a module and I hit F2, I can then rename it. Shift shift S will bring up sticky notes. If I'm zoomed all the way out and I hit zero, it's going to put me to the normal zoom. And if I hit one, it will center up the workflow for me. Some other useful ones, if I click on this and I hit D, it's going to deactivate it. I hit D, it's activated again. Also, you can copy and paste modules, right? I can click on this module, copy and paste it. I can also copy and paste it between workflows. So, I copy that update rows and I can come into another workflow, right? This one right here, paste it in there. Really easy. It's really modular. That's one of the best things about NN. Now, let's talk about tip number four. This is debug in editor. This is one of the most important ones to understand when we're talking about workflows that are already in production. You're using this yourself. You've given it to your client and it's something that is actively working. If we look at this workflow, notice how the top on top it is active. That means I'm whenever I trigger it, it's going to run and it's not going to show it on this screen, right? Even though I clicked into this particular workflow from the NAN page and shows it. If I were to run this for real, it's not going to populate here. It's going to populate inside of executions, right? But what if something goes wrong? What if this fails? How can I actually see what the errors were? And how can then I debug them if it doesn't show up on the main screen? Well, you do that by just going into executions. And if we look at this other workflow, you can see this error right here. Right? Notice how there's a problem in this particular node. If I then click into this node, even though I'm on executions, notice how everything's grayed out. I can't change anything. How am I supposed to fix this? Well, if we go back to canvas, you see up here in the top right where it says debug and editor. I'm going to click that. I'm going to hit unpin. And what it's going to do is it's then going to put me like essentially into that aerit out workflow as it was happening. Notice this pin data right here. It's going to pin all the data that's already run. So if I go to executions, I click inside the error out workflow, I go to debug and editor, I'm essentially brought back in time to when that workflow was running in its exact state when the error occurred. This is huge when it comes to debugging things that are active workflows in production. Right? So now I can go in here and I can actually change things, right? And in this case, the error was it was missing its API key. So I could fix the API key. Then I could just save it and we're on our way, right? That's how you debug things that are active workflows that are in production. You use debug and editor. Now tip number five, we're going to talk about import curl which is means we're talking about HTTP request. This is the most powerful node inside of any end. Now why do I say that? Well, any has ton of built-in modules, right? If I search for Gmail, there's a built-in tool for that. If I search up Tavi, built-in tool for that, Facebook, built-in tool for that. It goes on and on and on. There's a ton of built-in modules that are super easy to set up and connect to inside of NAND, but there's hundreds of those in NAND and there's millions of tools out there on the web that we want to connect to. How do we bridge that gap? What do we do if we want to connect to something that I can't find inside of NAND? Well, we use the HTTP request tool. And to use the HTTP request tool, we have to know how to use APIs. And to use APIs, we need to know how the heck I fill out all of this. How do I just know what to do for some specific tool that has its own special way of filling all this out? And I've never used it before. Well, one of the easiest ways to do that is using this import curl module little tool right up here up top. How do we use it? Easy. I'll show you. So, first thing you're going to do is you're going to go to the tool you're trying to connect to. In this case, let's pretend we're trying to connect to Kai API, which is a marketplace that uses a bunch of like AI video tools, right? If I want to do AI imaging, AI video, this is a great API for that. that it connects you to other services. So let's say I wanted to connect to let's say cling API, right? I want to create some AI videos for myself, but I don't know how to do this API connection. I don't know how to do the HTTP request and there's no module inside of any for it. Well, what you're going to need to do, and this applies to any tool, is you need to search for its API documentation. It will be under some tag called documentation or API or something, right? If you don't know where it is, you can always go to comp perplexity and search for it. In this case, we see API right here. Now, what we want to look for now is a curl request, right? And right away, you're going to be very intimidated as you scroll down this page if you are not familiar with code and you've never even opened up a terminal before, right? This is scary. This is frightening. I signed up for an NN code course. What the hell's going on? Right? Don't be afraid. You can solve this. And you will get more comfortable with this as time goes on. But what you're searching for is curl request. Okay? So, first thing you see right away is request body structure. Seems like it might be what you're looking for, but it's not, right? We don't see curl. And we only see a couple things here. Remember, we need to fill out all this. So, I need a URL. I need authentication. I need something that says something about headers and body. Okay, keep that in mind. And as I scroll down, I see some about parameters. No, no, I don't think this is it. But what do we see here? Request right there. Curl. There's also JavaScript and Python. You're always going to want curl. And if we zoom in on here, you see a lot of stuff that's important. All right. Curl, we see a URL. These H's that stands for header. Remember this. Remember this header thing that's there. We have D, which is going, you'll eventually realize is like the JSON body. And so there's a lot of information here. This is what we want. So if you just copy this and you jump back into NN and you go to import curl, you paste that in there. Watch what happens. A ton of stuff just got filled in for us. The curl got put in for us. The header setup has been put in there. And this whole JSON body is there as well. You are about 80% of the way there to actually connecting to this external service via an HTTP request. And you must master this if you want to use AI properly, especially inside of Naden. This is non-negotiable. You must internalize everything about this particular step. Right? I'd argue this step and one and a couple more steps are the most important things from this video. So that's import curl. That's how you can get the template set up to actually connect different tools. Lastly, if you have trouble finding this, but you're like, I know it's here. What you can always do is you can literally just copy paste the entire page, drop it into chat, GPT, claw, Gemini, whatever, and be like, hey, I need help finding the request curl that I can bring down. It'll help find it for you. Now, this brings us to tip number six, which is header authorization. So, you'll notice right here, the curl command gave us this specify headers, and this is how you put in your API key, right? This is how you're able to validate yourself to that external program. Now, there's a better way to do it than this. Now, this is sort of like the manual way where it says authorization and then I manually put in my bear. But I would have to do this every single time I create an HTTP module for that service, right? Every time I want to do KAI, I have to put in my API key manually. And if I were to give this workflow to somebody else, I'd have to go in here and delete this too, right? Because I don't want them to see my API key. Is there a better way? Yes. So you need to start getting used to doing header authentications. So authentication up here, you see how it says none. We're going to do generic credential type. We're then going to do header off, believe it or not. And then here you already see a bunch that I've set up, right? 11 Labs potato. I have all these pre-created header authorizations, which means when I do an HTTP request for something like 11 Labs or Appify, I can automatically authenticate myself by just selecting them. But we're going to do one for Kai API right now, and I'll show you how. So you'll just go to create new credential. You'll name it something. This is important. So call mine kai test 2. Now we need a name and value. Where the heck do we find these? Well, we're going to go back to that particular tool you're using and find it in the documentation. And where you will find it is most often in that same curl request. And remember what I was talking about how you get a little more um used to these things over time. So h header content type application JSON. Nope, that's not it. This is it. This header authorization bear your API key. So, what we're going to do for the name, the name is going to be authorization. I'm just going to copy and paste that in. And then the value is going to be space your API key. Now, this needs to be exact both in terms of spacing and capitalization. So, you can switch this to expression to see what you're writing. And it needs to look like this. Bearer space your API key. And your API key is going to be some random assortment of numbers and letters, right? Where you find that will be different based on the tool, but that's where you would put it in. You'd switch it to fixed. You would save it and then you will no longer have to send headers. Instead, you can just do the header authorization for Kai, whatever you did. So, Kai test 2. Now, I'm authorized. Sweet. That's header authorizations. So, this brings us to tip seven, which is errors. So, every single module is going to have this little settings tab up here. This is ignored by most people, but it's actually very important. So, there's a lot of things you can mess with here, and most of them are just turned off and never looked at. But there is this the onerror message. So, if you click this, you have three options. It defaults to stop workflow. That means if I was using this HTTP request module and it failed, the workflow just seizes up. It errors out. It stops. But I have more options. One, I can continue. So, instead of it just stopping, it instead just passes an error messages, an error message, but it continues on as if it worked. And number three, which is the one you really want to learn how to use, is going to be continue using error output. Now, let's go to stop first. Notice how there's just kind of one bar here, one path it can go down. If I go to settings and I set this to continue using error output, you'll notice we have a second path we can go down. So, if this module were to error out, what can we do? Well, we can do anything. Imagine I just put a Slack module here and we send a message, right? Where are you Slack? Send a message. So we could have if you had a module where it's very important that this must pass and if it doesn't I need to be notified immediately. Well just go into that module go to settings go to error output and you would create something like this some sort of path it can go down in the event of an error. And this gives you way more control when it comes to your workflows. You're not just blindingly hit. You're not just blindly hitting execute workflow and hoping it passes and then checking execution tabs. This gives you some oversight. So know it, use it. So speaking of errors, that brings us to tip number eight, which is troubleshooting. And I think this is the most important tip out of all 10. So how do we troubleshoot? Let's go back to this module where we had our little error that we debugged in editor. Let me tell you of the messages I get across like every single platform. 90% of them and that is not an exaggeration are all the exact same message. How do I fix this error in my workflow? They come to me because I have a lot of experience and they think I just know how to solve it. Sometimes I do, but 80 90% of the time when they have a problem, I go through the exact same flow that I'm about to show you now. And this flow requires no expertise. It doesn't require you to be a, you know, software developer. Doesn't require anything, right? It just requires you to do context engineering. What is context engineering? That's just telling AI what the heck is going on. That's it. And so that's how you need to troubleshoot whenever you're stuck and really, really lost. And I'm going to show you how to do it step by step. So, let's use this one as as an example. This Google map scraper. Let's say I just couldn't figure out what the heck is going wrong with this module. The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to give AI big context, right? Very high level 30,000 foot view of what's going on. And the way that I do that is simple. I'm just going to give it the entire JSON code for the workflow. So, I'm just going to go to download over here on the right. I'm then going to go into my um AI of choice. These days, it's something it's either Cloud or Gemini. And I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to put that JSON file into here. Right? After I do that, I'm then going to explain the workflow. Right? That's step one. Explain the workflow. Big picture. This is what the workflow is. This is what I wanted to do. This is the ultimate goal. Right? Let the AI know what's happening. Then what I'm going to do, because I'm not done, that's not enough. I'm then going to go into this module, open all this up, and then I'm going to take a screenshot of all this. This way it can see the input, it can see the module itself, and it can see the error, right? And I'm going to put that in there. And then I'm not done. I'm going to take this error message, copy that, and say, "Hey, error message, paste it in there." And then lastly, I'm going to give it the tactical context. What is tactical context? That's me saying, "Hey, this is the exact module that's having the problem. Here's what's happening to it. This is what I think's going on. Now, this is what I wanted to do. And what you've done doing that is you've given AI the full picture of what the heck's happening, right? Here's the total workflow. Here's how it should end. Here's this miniature module. Here's the problem it's having. And here's all the information you need. That's context engineering. That's how you solve problems with AI. And nowhere along that route did you need to like really know what's even going on, right? You could train a child to do that, but that's how you should troubleshoot because your job like kind of going meta here in the AI human being like equation is you provide context. The AI knows way more than you, but you have unlimited context. They quite literally have a window known as a context window, right? And yet most people approach troubleshooting like, uh, I got an error. Module not work. What's happening? And it's just garbage in, garbage out. And you wonder why your stuff doesn't work. Well, it's cuz you're troubleshooting wrong. So go through that process. big context, small context, and then let AI go to work. If you retain nothing else from this video, I hope you retain that. All right, tip number nine, weight nodes. How to use them properly. This is a huge pet peeve of mine of watching other creators on YouTube because they are very lazy when it comes to how they use weight nodes. Weight nodes should not always just be used as this stupid module that just counts down from some arbitrary time, right? Let me give you some context. So, look at this workflow. This is another content creation AI video workflow. What you see in this module right here is us sending a request to Kai AI saying, "Hey, make us that AI video." And then we have a wait node. And then we have this HTTP request where we go back to KAI Kai and we say, "Hey, is the video done?" And if they say yes, we download it. Now, we have this wait module here because these videos take a lot of time and you don't exactly know how long they're going to take. 4 minutes, 5 minutes, 6 minutes, who knows? But if we're too fast and we go over here and we run back to Kai and we say, "Hey, is our video done? Is our video done?" and they say no. Well, then this workflow just fails, right? And to solve that, we would have to create a whole loop over here where we just check it again and again and again until we get it. That's super ugly. So instead, we often use this wait node where it's like, okay, we know it will take at least well, at the max like 7 minutes, so we'll just wait 7 minutes. We'll know we'll be done and then we'll go get it. That works, but it's inefficient. What we should instead do is we should tell Kai Aai, hey, this is the video we want. Go make it. By the way, here's my call back number. hit me up when it's done. You know, tell me when the video is done and then I'll go get it. That's what you can actually do with weight modules. Yet, no one does it. Let me show you how. So, we click inside here. What do we see here? Resume. Most people do after a time interval. Like I said, stupid dummy module counts down from 5 minutes, 10 minutes, whatever. We can instead do an on web hook call. This means like I alluded to before, when we first talk to that external program, we say, "Hey, do this thing for me." If we have this weight node in here, we can pass them back essentially a mini web hook that is telling them just let us know when it's done and we'll come back to you. Okay? And that web hook is going to be seen as the execution.resume URL variable. What the heck does that mean? Well, if I click back into here and we go down to this JSON, you see this right here, the callback URL, this is what you pass inside your JSON payload. This is the same for every single payload, for every single weight node. This won't change this call back URL. This is the same and this is how you should approach your weight nodes when you're in this sort of like ask an external tool for help, wait for the problem to be solved and get it back. This is how you should approach it. This is a much more elegant solution instead of doing some hamfisted wait node than where we say wait 10 minutes and then we wait 10 minutes. We don't want to do that, right? We actually kind of want to pretend we know what we're doing. So that's weight nodes in a nutshell. We're just giving them our phone number to tell us when the work's done. Easy enough. Now number 10, the last tip on the list. are community nodes. Now, community nodes are essentially custom nodes that people outside of NAD have created to use inside of NADN. Think of them as like mods for NAND, right? They're not officially like sanctioned by NAD, but you can use them. Caveat, you need to be self-hosted. I will post a link above for if you want to learn how to self-host. It's super easy, but it gives you access to these community nodes that you otherwise don't if you use the NH cloud. And what I wish I knew about was where to actually find a lot of the interesting ones. So, what we see right here, and I'll link it in the description, is this cool GitHub repository that gives us the top 100 community nodes inside of NADN, right, for the community version, and it has it broken down by date and how many downloads they get across eight different um categories, communications, documents, APIs, all this stuff. But there's a lot of really interesting stuff here. Like take the most popular one. This is the most popular community node is one that has to do with WhatsApp. Not too surprising when you think about it, but this has quite million quite literally over 4 million downloads. So, if you're someone who's using NADN as like an actual source of income, you should probably know about this node and how to properly integrate WhatsApp. And then you see ones like PDF forge. And now, some of these are being integrated over time into like the official NAD community node ecosystem, but there's still a lot of gold here um that can't be found, including some of the MCP nodes, which I really, really like. And so to use these, it's really easy. I'm just going to click on the link. It's going to take me to a page like this. You see this little install thing over here? I'm going to hit copy. It's going to tell me it was copied to the clipboard. I'm going to go back into my edit an instance. I'm going to go to the bottom left, click on settings. I'll leave without saving. I'm going to go to community nodes on the lefth hand side. I'll then go to install. And then I just paste it in there. Right? Super easy. Say I understand. Hit install and that one's already installed. So that's really good for the demo. But um that's how you do it. Well, let's actually find one that actually works so you can actually see this in action. Um all right, let's try the chat woot. Same thing. Copy. Come back here till I ran through this. Um there we go. So now it's installing. That easy. Now it's inside of here. And now I can go back when I create a workflow and go tab. And if I look for chatwoot, there it is. Super easy community notes. Tons of power in them. Definitely know need to know how to integrate those into your NAND arsenal. So that's it guys. That was the top 10 tips and tricks for Naden. Like I said, some of these were very easy, but some of the even basic ones like tab opening up that page. I I quite literally only found that out like a few months ago, sadly. Um, but no matter where you are, I hope you found at least one thing that you didn't know before. So, let me know what you thought in the comments, and I'll see you guys

=== RIP Google Sheets (n8n Data Tables Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1O6ZDdJ0j4

Nitn just released data tables, which means you might be using Google Sheets a lot less moving forward. So, what exactly are data tables? Well, it's just what it sounds like. It's NN's internal table system. Think of the same Google Sheet spreadsheets you've been using before, but now you can host them internal to NN, which means they are way faster. And by way faster, I mean literally 100 times faster. This becomes super important both at scale and while we're prototyping. we can move data way quicker from point A to point B and get our stuff up and running. So, in this video, we're going to see if that 100x speed boost is actually real. I'm going to show you how to set it up on your NAD instance, whether you're on the cloud or self-hosted. We're then going to go through how you can set it up in an agent format. And lastly, I'm going to show you how to create a very simple workflow to take data that's currently sitting inside of Google Sheets and move it to the end data tables. So, no more waiting around. Let's just jump into it. So, just like I promised, we're going to start with the speed test. Up here, we got the reigning champ in the green Google Sheets versus our upandcomer and it end data tables. Now, these have the exact same data in their sheets. So, you can look at it right here with the data tables. It's just a few columns, order ID, order date, price per item, and comments. Nothing crazy, very simple. So, we're just going to hit execute workflow, and we're going to compare the times at the end. Okay, that was pretty quick. Let's see the actual times. And we're able to do this by pulling up the executions at the bottom. And I'll expand this a bit. So we're looking at this right here, right? So when I click on the sheets, we'll see that it was successful in 779 milliseconds. All right. Now, if we look at the data tables, 6 milliseconds. 6 milliseconds versus 779. Right? Quicker, more than 100 times faster, right? This is huge. So before we go any further, let me just answer the question that you are already asking yourself. Is data tables really a replacement for Google Sheets? And the answer is it depends, right? It depends on what sort of data you're using and in what manner. So if we're using data like this where it's more simplistic, there's just a few types that we need, right? It's string, it's boolean, it's daytime, it's numbers, this can work awesome, right? You saw how fast it is and you can see how much value we could get whether we're scaled up or we just need a prototype. Now, if you're doing things in Sheets that are more like the Excel arena, like it's rather complicated. We have a lot of tables, like they're all talking to one another. Sheets is still going to be the winner there, but having this internal data tables as a tool in your back pocket is huge now. And so, I think it's important to understand where that value lies. Now, with that being said, let me show you how to actually get it onto your NEN instance. So, if you're in the cloud, it's pretty easy. You're going to come to the toolbar on the left. You're going to hit admin panel. You're then going to go to manage and then you need to get up to the latest beta. So 113.2 is what's working now. 11.3.1 works as well. And if you're watching this later down the road, chances are it's already, you know, integrated in it. But for now, you need to at least be on the beta. Now, if you're self-hosted, it's going to be a little more complicated because we need you to dive inside the terminal and we need to pull a specific NAD image from Docker. So once you're inside the terminal, the first thing we need to do is we need to edit our Docker Compose file. If you look at here at the bottom of your screen, you'll see nano docker-composed.yaml. So do that. Open it up. You're then going to scroll down and we need to add an environment variable. So you see this one here, nadn enabled modules equals data table. You need to put this inside your docker compos file, right? Just type it in, then do crl x, hit y, and then enter. And that will get you out of nano and save it. Next, we need to pull that specific beta image from docker. So you're going to do docker pull nad.io io/nad 1.1.113.2. So again, right here at the bottom of the screen, you're just going to put that in there. Hit enter. It's going to essentially download all the data. We're then going to do Docker Compose down. Hit enter. And then you'll do Docker Compose up-d. Once you do that, you should be able to go back onto your NAND instance. It will show you on the 113 version, and you should then see the option to look at the data tables. Now, if for whatever reason it still isn't working and you're still on your old version, what you may need to do is go back into your Docker Compose file and change your NAN image to the specific one that you just pulled, right? That beta image. So, it says image naden io/naden 11113.2. Right? This is us telling it, hey, don't use the latest version that you have downloaded, the latest. I want you to use a specific beta version. Understand that when a new version comes out, you'll need to change this. So once you do that, when you come back into NN, you should see this up top which says data tables. And it's as simple as creating a data table. So I just hit the little arrow over here, go to create data table, call it whatever I want, and here we are. Right? So every table starts with ID, created at and updated at, and it's as simple as just adding columns. Right? So you see it over here on the top right. You just enter your column name and then you have your different uh types. So string, number, boolean, and then date, time, right? and I continue to add as many columns I want, just essentially like Google Sheets or Excel. Inside of executions, you also have the ability to look at what's going on inside of your data table runs. Now, coming back to the canvas, this is what the setup looks like if you were to give an AI agent access to every single tool available inside of data tables, right? So, if I come over here and I go to data tables, you'll see that over here. And there's seven different actions we can run. And so, we can insert rows, we can upsert rows, if row does not exist, update rows, get rows, blah blah blah blah blah. You see all of them here. And by setting it up like this, we have the ability to talk to an AI agent using natural language and have it change things within the data table. So now let's talk about what we need to do if we have data inside of Google Sheets and we want to now push that data to an NN data table, right? Chances are you have some sort of table inside of Sheets that would be better served being hosted inside this internal data structure that we now have. How do we do that? Well, it's really simple. You're just going to create a basic workflow that looks like this, right? We're just going to get the rows in that particular sheet and then we're going to insert those rows into that new data table we've created with a couple caveats. So let's say I wanted to take the data that was here in this sheet and push it to NAND. You'll see it has four headers. Order ID, order date, price per item, and comments. What I need to do is I now need to create a table with these exact same headers. So I'm going to go into NAN. We're going to go into our new tests and then I'm just going to create those. But all I did is I went up here to add column on the top right and then put an order ID, order date, price for item and comments. Then I'm going to go back to that workflow and if I click inside here, I'm just going to put it to test one. We'll refresh this and you can see the four columns I want to map data to. So what am I going to do? I'll take order ID, map it there, order date, price per item, and comments. From there, all I have to do is execute the step and it pushes all the items to that table. So if we refresh the table, we see it's all inside of here. It's that easy. Now, let's imagine you were dealing though with some sort of data and you're getting errors when it came to the data structure. Understand that you could always do something like a set fields node and we could convert everything to a string if we needed to. So let's say for whatever reason order ID, for example, we it was set to some weird value inside of you know, Google Sheets and the Nend data table was giving you an error because of the value. Well, we could just do something like this, right? order ID becomes string. And so this would push it into a string or I could push it to a number or whatever, right? So if you ever run into that issue, just know you do have an ability to deal with it with the edit fields node, but chances are you won't have to. So that's going to do it for this video. We really quickly ran through the end data tables and hopefully now you are starting to get an understanding of where this is a Google Sheets killer, right? It doesn't always replace Google Sheets, but there are a lot of instances where it does. And now we actually have a very easy to use, cheap alternative. So let me know in the comments what you think.

=== This n8n Automation Scrapes Google Maps AND gets emails! (no code tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dxqhe26dXzc

If you want to make money in AI, then you need lead generation automations. And in this video, I'm going to be adding another lead genen tool to your arsenal with this B2B Google Map scraper. Now, this automation works exactly like you think it should. You're just going to give it a query of businesses in a particular location, and then it's going to scrape all the data about those businesses it finds. But this automation takes it a step further because it's not enough just to know what the business's name is and its address and its phone number. We need people to talk to. So it actually finds points of contact for each of these businesses. So you have a real human being that you can reach out to, a true decision maker. From there, we then have AI craft a custom message for each of those leads. We find and upload all that data into instantly. So all this information is now inside of an ecosystem that allows us to do cold outreach at scale from a B2B perspective. But that's not the only thing we cover in this video as we also dive into NAN data tables which we have integrated throughout this entire automation. These data tables are like having Google Sheets inside of any itself and they allow us to both push data and grab data literally 100 times faster than we otherwise would. So, we got a ton to cover in this video. There's a lot of value to be had. So, let's just jump into it. So, before we do anything else, remember I'm giving you this template for free. Go down to the comments, head to the free school, search for the post that says something about B2B Google Maps. You'll find this template there. Go ahead and download it. Come back to NAN. Click the three buttons up top. Go to import from file, choose the template you downloaded, and you're going to see something like this. That way, for the rest of this video, you can follow along and you can adjust everything you need to adjust so you can get this up and running yourself. So, let's kick this off with a quick demo. So, I'm going to go to execute workflow and alls I'm going to do is I'm going to give it a search query and the number of places I want to extract. So, let's say I search for trendy coffee shops in downtown Chicago and I want 10 of these places. I'm then just going to hit submit. And quite literally, everything else is going to be done for me at this point. What you see happening here is we're now using Appify to scrape Google Maps for all that information, right? Names, addresses, phone numbers, ratings, all that stuff. But on top of this, it's also enriching those leads automatically, including who are those points of contact, who are those real people we can talk to, and what are their emails. All that information then gets uploaded to NAND data tables, right? That new feature that just came out. And now we're doing additional enrichment via Tavly. So we're having it doing a background check essentially on the business, right? What are they about? Any recent news? What's the customer sentiment? Because we're going to shove all that information into here, which is where we do our custom messaging. Once the custom messaging is created, and again, you can edit that however you want. It's then going to go back into the data tables. It's going to insert that custom message, and it's going to upload everything to instantly, right? company name, custom messaging, email, contact, right? Everything you need to actually run a cold email campaign will all be automatically uploaded and all you had to do was put in this search query. So, the automation's complete. You saw that ran pretty quickly. Now, let's take a look both at data tables and what we see inside of instantly. So, I'll explain shortly how to get data tables set up on your actual NAD instance, whether you're self-hosted or if you're on the cloud. But we're just going to go to data tables up here on the personal section and we have our Google Maps one and it's going to look just essentially like Google Sheets. Now, it's kind of a barebones version of it, but it's fast, right? When I said in the intro, it's literally 100 times faster. I'm not joking. What would take a second to upload to Google Sheets takes under a tenth of a second inside of NN, right? It doesn't have to do that round trip throughout the internet. And what you see right here in IDs 21 through 30 and I'll kind of zoom in is all the information we got from these companies, right? Name, website, phone number. Now, there's no guarantee that we're always going to be able to find a contact, right? In this instance, we found six contacts, right? And I believe only four of them had emails. So, it's not always 100% going to be a situation where I ask for 10 companies and I get 10 emails back. But if you ask for 10 companies, if there's 10 companies there, we're going to get them. But we get their LinkedIn. We eventually find the contacts. We find their titles, right? That's important. Their emails, the contact LinkedIn, and then we even go so far as to get that icebreaker, right? That's like the actual, you know, message that we're going to send to them over email. So that's what we see here inside of data tables. And here inside instantly, we can see that all that lead information, including the icebreaker, was all uploaded there. So now we can begin actually conducting our campaign. Okay, so that's the demo. You saw what the end results look like. You have a somewhat rough idea of what's going on big picture, right? And again, just to recap, we're sourcing all the data from Google Maps. We're getting that point of contact. We then enrich the information and create that custom message and then we upload it all instantly. I keep mentioning instantly. If you don't know what Instantly is, it's just a website that allows you to conduct cold email campaigns, right? They warm up email accounts for you. It's really easy to set like your first email sequence, second email sequence. Basically, it's a godsend for people who want to very simply execute cold email campaigns. That's all that's happening. And so now what we're going to do is we're going to get you set up with the new NIN data tables. Really cool feature. It's still in beta and I'll show you how to do it both from cloud and self-hosted. So if you're on the cloud, you're going to go to the toolbar on the left and there'll be a little cloud that says admin panel. You're going to click that. You'll get to a page like this. You're going to go to manage at the top and then for the NEN version, you're going to go to 1.113.2, the latest beta. All right. Once you do that, you're going to do the save changes. It will update and you will then see data tables on your account. So, for those of you who are self-hosting, it's going to be just a little bit trickier. You're going to go to whatever service you're using to host it and you're going to have to go inside the terminal. We're going to have to adjust some stuff inside the Docker Compose file. So, once inside the terminal, you're going to just going to do nano and then docker compose. L and you're going to see a page that looks something like this. Now, what we need to edit is down here in the environment and you're going to need to add this line, this nad enabled modules equals data table. So, nad enabled modules equals data-table. You need to put this into the environment section. Now, if you're nano, you're just going to do crl x and it's going to ask you if you want to save it. Hit y and then enter. Then, we need to get the beta image of naden from docker. So you're going to do docker poll nadn io/nadn1.113.1. Now this is assuming you're watching this video now. If you're watching this video like a month from now when this is posted, chances are if you've already updated to the latest version, you can just do dockerpole nnn and we'll have it. This is assuming you're like today the video came out, you're watching it and this is the only place it's available. So just know if you're watching this later down the line, you probably don't need to ask for the specific version of NN we are. But if you're watching this video today or the same week this came out, you need to do this docker pull naden io/nadn 1.113.1. That's going to give us the beta version. Once you do that, you're going to do docker compose down. Then you're going to do docker compose up-d. From there, you should then be able to go onto your any instance and it should work just fine and you should see data tables there. If for whatever reason you still don't see the data tables there, what you may need to edit is this section. So where it says nadn and it says image you may need to change it so it says this nano io/nadn 1.113.1 or point2 right whichever one you did for you it's probably 0.1 this is just telling docker hey use this specific version don't use the latest so for whatever reason you're still stuck this might be a solution but you may not need it at all now once you've done that and you come back to this page under personal you should now see data tables beta if I click on that it's super easy to use I just go to create data table up here on the right. I can create the tables, name it whatever I want. So I want you to create one that says Google Maps. Once you create that table, you then are going to need to copy these columns that I have. So we'll go through them one by one so you understand what they are. First is company name. That's coming from Google Maps. Company website, phone number, and then company LinkedIn. From there we have contact last name, contact first name, contact title. Then we have contact email, contact LinkedIn, custom company name. And we'll talk about this in a little more detail in the messaging. Then we have icebreaker and then upload complete. Now, make sure you specifically have them titled the same way I do with kind of camelc case. You'll notice it's like under it's lowercase and then capital C then lowercase and capital N because you can't have spaces here. Once you do that, you're all set to hop back into the template. So now let's dive into each module one by one and I'll show you what you need to add and what you can edit. So the on form submission, there's just two things here. We have our search query and then we have the number of places we want to extract. Simple. Next, we have our Google maps scraper. So what scraper are we actually using? Well, I have a link to it in the template, but it's this guy, the Google map scraper. Now all the details here on Ampify tell you how it works, what sort of options you can change. You can test it in here, and you can also see what the pricing is. Long story short, you're paying a little under 1 cent per lead. That's all you kind of need to know. Now, there's a lot we can do here, right? Obviously, we have the search terms. You can also dive deeper into how it does locations, add-ons, all this stuff. Again, feel free to play with it here, but everything inside of here has already been set up for you, and I think it does what you needed to. And so, where it post this URL, you don't have to change. You do need to put in your API key. So, where it says API key here, you need to get that from Appify. Again, I have a link to that on the template itself over here. Right? If you just click on this, it'll take you to the API section. Now, let's talk about the JSON body and what you can edit here. So, there's two things we're passing. One is max crawled places per search. So, this is the number of places you want to search right here, which in our case was 10. And then we have the search string array, which is the actual search query, which was trendy coffee shops in downtown Chicago. What you can change are there's like two big places. First of all is the lead enrichment department. So like I said, every single spot we're finding, we're trying to get one point of contact. We could change that amount of point of contact. So we're starting with one because really you just want to talk to one person and it's the cheapest. But you can also specify like who do you want those people to be and for what department. So seuite, consulting, sales, operations. Right now it's grabbing anyone. But I could delete engineering technical, right? I could delete legal, right? If I didn't want to. If I was just looking for like seuite, I could delete all these. Or if I was just looking for human resources, I could delete everything else. Okay? So feel free to edit this. The other place you can edit is maximum leads enrichment records. So this is the amount of people like point of contacts we're trying to find. You could put 10 here. Like you wanted to find 10 people to talk to for each and every place you find. I think that's overkill. I would think lower the better, less is more, but feel free to change this. Other than that, I don't think you need to touch any of this. If you really want to see what how things would work with different settings, just come up here to the actor and you can do it right here, right? You can change stuff in here. You can then run it up top on the right and you can see what the different outcomes are like. Also, note of Ampify if you've never used it before. What the heck is Ampify? What the heck is an actor? Appify is a marketplace for web scrapers, right? Google map scrapers, Instagram scrapers, LinkedIn scrapers, all that stuff is here. You should be able to do this um with a free account, but I also suggest really in general that you get a um starter account, which is 39 bucks a month for Apify. It's a great service. You should really have it in your back pocket if you're serious about this stuff. So, that's the scraper, and you can see over here on the right, and I will move myself over here, all the information you're getting, right? Just think everything that you get from Google Maps, you're going to get from here, right? Opening hours, all this stuff. You can even add stuff like reviews if you want to. All right, what's next? Next, we're going into the data table stuff. So, this is where we're then inserting all that information. So, it's listed with Google Maps and then all this stuff is mapped appropriately, right? The title, the company website. We're just taking all the m information we got from the scraper and we're now putting it into our data tables. So, this is also why you need to have those um titled the same exact way I do or you'll kind of get um messed up, but pretty self-explanatory here. Now, like you saw before, there's not always going to be a point of contact or an email associated for every single business we scrape. And that's why right here we have the get emails module, right? Because in this case, we got like 10 businesses, but only four of them had point of contacts or emails. So, that's what happens here. And so we're trying to find we're trying to of those 10 we got just grab the ones that have emails and haven't already been uploaded so that we don't get something from another run. So that's why you see two conditions here that need to be met. It needs to not have been uploaded, right? And it needs to have an email. So to do that, we're just saying if there's an at somewhere in that box because if there wasn't an email, it's going to be null. If there is an email, it will definitely have an at symbol. And that will get us everything we need. Now, for those of you who are paying attention, you might notice, hey, Chase, why does it show 40 items if we started with 10 and we only pulled four? I found that the data tables are still kind of in its beta phase, and this is one of sort of the uh little beta issues with it that I assume will be solved very soon. But for whatever reason, it pushes like whatever we get times 10. Strange. Um, but that's why we have remove duplicates here. Simple fix, which brings it down to four items. So, now we have our four items. We have the four companies of the 10 that have points of contact with emails that we eventually want to reach out to. What are we going to do now? Well, now we're going to do a little bit more enrichment. We're going to do a little more research on these guys. And then we're going to do our custom messaging. So, we're doing our enrichment with Tavi. This is Tavi. Just go to tavly.com, sign up for a free account. It's a think of like Perplexity. It's basically Perplexity, but you get a,000 free credits every single month, which is great to keep our cost down. To get your API key, it's quite literally on the front page. You just click it, copy it, you're good to go. So, you'll need to connect your Tavly account if you have that API key. It's super easy to do. And also, if for whatever reason you don't have a Tavi module, this is one of the community nodes, just for those of you who haven't done this yet. If you click on Tavi, you will need to install it. I actually have a new package available. So, if you're on the cloud version, that means you're going to have to go down here to the left, go to settings, go to your account section, and you're going to see a little button that says, "Hey, do you want to allow community nodes?" You're just going to hit yes. But back to this, you connect your account. We're doing a search query. What is our query? What exactly are we looking for here? Well, what we're doing is we're giving them the company name. We're giving them their website. We're saying, "Hey, I want recent news. I want customer sentiment. What do people say about them? And then I want to know what's unique about them." Because when we do our custom messaging, we would prefer to have a very quick oneliner that mentions something unique about the company, right? Again, what is our northstar whenever we're doing cold email outreach? We want every email to sound like we did a ton of research on them and then alone. We don't want them to think they're just one company of 10,000 that we're sending emails to, even though they are. And how do you do that? You do that by looking for something unique about them. That's what we're trying to do here. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. What's unique about HVAC shops or whatever? me you know results may vary but you can twe tweeze tweeze you can tweak that here right you can tweak all that here inside the uh search query so we're doing general topic basic search depth and we're including an answer so if I come over here you can see over here on the right what we're getting right so find me information about intelligencia coffee and then it gives us an entire answer right a good amount of information which we want. That's all that's happening there in Tableau, right? More background research. From there, we then do our custom messaging, right? This is where you're really going to make your money to be honest when it comes to cold email outreach. And so, in the user prompt, we're passing two things. We're passing the company name and we're passing the company background. That company background is everything we got from Tableau. We're going to require a specific output format. We'll go into that. And now, let's look at the system prompt. This is important. So, we're having it do two things actually. We're having it first of all normalize the company name, and then we're having it create that icebreaker. So, normalize the company name. What the heck does that mean? Well, think about it. If you have a company called Chase AI LLC, that's what it's going to grab oftent times from Google Maps or if you do any other sort of lead genen. If I'm sending an email to Chase AI LLC, does it make sense for me if I was a normal human being and not an AI bot to say, "Hey, love what you're doing at Chase Aai LLC. Love what you're doing at Chase AI Ltd." No. Nobody speaks like that. So, as part of our mission, part of our, you know, attempt to normalize our emails and sound real, we need to normalize company names, right? We don't want to say, "Hey, love what you're doing at whatever at CO or at Corp," right? So, we're pushing it the name, whatever that may be. We have it remove the LLC, remove the colons, remove all caps. We just want to make a version of their company name that sounds normal. That's what's happening. Next, we create the icebreaker. Right? I have a lot of verbiage in here to make it sound not AIish. And what do I mean when I say not AIish? You don't want it to sound flowery and like very verbose like AI does. You want the language to be tight clipped like almost staccato. So that's what happens here. That is what I have found works best for me. If you have something else you want to do, just change this. This can be whatever you want. And so you see those outputs here on the right with our normalized names as well as the ice breakers. We also use a structured output parser so that we get those two things. The normal name and the I spelled that wrong. The icebrer probably change that every single time. Let's let's change that. Can't spell. Probably don't need a capital K. Okay. So, that's what's happening here. From there, we then go back to data tables. We're just inserting that icebreaker. That's all that's happening. And we're also inserting that um normal name. Easy enough. And lastly, we upload all this stuff to Instantly AI. So, you're going to need to add your API key. Again, I put a link to that inside the template. And here down in the JSON, all this stuff has already been mapped for you. What you need to change is the campaign ID. So, if I come over to the left inside of Instant and hit campaigns, and then I click on a campaign. In this case, we're inside the test campaign. If I then go up to the URL, you'll see we have our long URL string up top. after campaign slash there's going to be a bunch of letters and numbers before another slashan analytics. So this whole string that's the campaign ID you're going to copy that and then you're going to paste that in here. So we're just going to hardcode it depending on the campaign we want. And then from there everything else of importance is being passed and that's what's going to populate inside of instantly when we run it. And so that's how this B2B Google map scraper works, right? You put in your query, it scrapes Google, it gets its points of contact, it gets us emails. We then do more background research. We then create a custom message and then we send the custom message. All that research, all that information up to instantly. So now you have a place to conduct cold email campaigns at scale from places you found on Google Maps. Simple. And it's at a decent price, too. Like I said, we're doing in less than 1 cent per lead. Tablety, we can get pretty cheap. Your most expensive item is obviously going to be instantly. And that can cost you really extremely variable costs depending on how much you're scaling. So overall, I think this is a pretty useful uh little automation and some I think you'll get a ton of value out of. Last thing I want to mention is over here you'll see the scraper JSON. So remember how I mentioned here in the scraper how we have all these, you know, options here. I left this one here. So in case you ever delete any of these and you're like, "Oh shoot, what was that one called? How do I add it?" It's all here. So this is like the simple template. Everything's still here. So for whatever reason you need to change something you want to add in rich departments you can always come back to this guy and see what you changed or what's missing should help. And I also have resources. This gets you the appy actor. This gives you the end and table documentation. And all these links will bring you to um the appropriate API pages. So as always let me know what you thought of this in the comments. Subscribe if you want to see more and I'll see you

=== AI Agent Tier List 2025 (n8n) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHY6tJZth7Q

Here's the problem with your AI agents. You're using the wrong ones. But we're going to fix that in this video as I run you through the top 10 most popular AI agents and automations and rank them in this tier list. And the criteria is simple. Which AI agents bring in the most money? And this is going to be from the perspective both as someone who wants to sell these agents. You know, you're running your own AI agency and as someone who's actually using the AI agents. How much value are they actually bringing you? So, let's rapid fire through all 10 of them. And as always, I'm giving you all these templates for free. Just head to the link down below in the comments. So, here's how we're going to run this video. We have these 10 AI agents and automations that you see here. And these are the ones that over my last year of running an AI agency, I've determined are pretty much the most popular. And so, what we're going to do is we're going to go one by one. I'm going to give you a quick overview of that particular agent or automation. I'm going to link you a video to that AI agent automation if you want to go more in depth on it. And then we're going to come over here and we're going to rank it starting at S tier all the way to Dtier. S tier being the best. Like these are the gold standard agents all the way down to Dtier, which is like this is trash. Don't waste your time. And like I said before, these rankings are going to take into account both the perspective of the seller, you as someone trying to, you know, hawk your AI agent wares, and then you as the user, right? Like which ones do I actually need to be using and caring about in my own time. So let's start with number one, AI Asian armies. So when I say AI agent armies, I'm talking about things that look like this. We're talking about sub agents after sub aents. Usually, they're in the form of maybe like a personal assistant where it's doing like your email, your calendar, your social media research, all this stuff. They look great for YouTube. They rack up a ton of views, but they are garbage. These suck. In fact, they also suck up a ton of tokens because every single call you make from the top and it goes down from agent to agent, it's repeating the call all the way down. So, these are kind of inefficient. They look great for videos and their only real value is as a beginner project. These are great when you're first getting started because for me to create something like this, right, I do need to understand how AI agents work. I do need to understand how to do sub agents. I also need to understand how the system prompt works from the top level to the midle and how I can get data to come from me, the user over here with the chat message, oftent times with some Telegram thing people love to do, and get it all the way down to the correct tool. There is value in that as a training exercise. But in terms of you as the user or you as the seller, this is bad. This is Dtier. So, agent armies D tier. Don't waste your time with them unless you're just getting started with building AI agents and want to learn the fundamentals. All right. AI armies big fat D tier. RP. All right. Next on the list are rag agents. Retrieval augmented generation. AI agents. How good are these? So, I won't keep you in suspense. Rag is easy. This is S tier. This is the gold standard of AI agents. and you need to spend the time to actually learn how to use these and then sell them. Now remember what is rag? We're talking retrieval augmented generation. This means I've created an AI agent that has access to whatever sort of documentation I wanted to have access to. Right? So if I want AI, if I want Chad GBT to be a member of my team, it probably needs some sort of rag functionality, right? I'm going to give it access to all my documents via vector database. So when I go to Rag and I ask it questions about my project or whatever, it could then go to that database, retrieve the answers, rank the answers, and then give me the correct answer. And Rag goes very, very deep because you will often see implementations of it that are very simplistic on YouTube, right? It's just like a simple pine cone vector store and I upload a couple documents to it. It looks great. But you need to understand stuff that goes beyond simplistic, naive rag and you need to start talking about graph rag. How does that work? How do I do that? You need to also figure out what do I do when I have clients that just want giant Excel documents turned into rag structures. Is that even possible? How do I do it? You need to know those answers. And you also need to know how data works, right? How do I make sure my data is synced properly? If I delete something inside the Google Drive that's like the waiting room for stuff to get ingested into my vector database. How do I make sure those are synced up? What if they're doing Excel? What if they do edits there? How do I make sure everything is always correct? and when they ask a question, the data is up-to-date and accurate. So, rag, it's our first S tier. It can get complicated, but it's worth it to know and understand. This is where the most value is driven in the AI agent space right now, in my opinion. All right, Rag S tier. Okay, now let's look at social media posters. We're talking about things like this, like Blot. You might see things like upload post. These automations allow you to put a video or a post somewhere in a central location, whether that's in Google Sheets or Google Drive, and then it automatically gets posted to like nine platforms at once, right? There's a few different apps that do this. There's a few different ways we can automate it, but it is something that a lot of people ask for. And this, I would say, is a tier. There's a lot of value here. It's simple to execute. A lot of people want it and it's pretty easy to like essentially like productize. Like if I'm selling this to one client and client two also wants it, I don't have to change much here, right? I'm probably just going to go in here and change where everything starts, whether it's a Google sheet or Google Drive or Dropbox or whatever. But this backend part, this all pretty much stays the same, right? So you can very easily pump these out, sell these at scale, and they actually do bring quite a bit of value. So we're going to put these social media poster automations solidly in a tier. Okay, so that gets an A. Now, let's talk about lead generation automations. So, lead generation automations, just like rag, S tier. This is another one of the gold standard AI automations that you need to know how to use and need to know how to sell. Why? It's simple. The ROI is so easy to explain. I'm going to create an AI automation that brings you more clients. Like, that's it. That's the sale, right? And how do they work? Well, they all tend to have these like four parts, right? You need some way to find leads. In this case, this one grabs it from Apollo. You could grab it from LinkedIn, Clay. Doesn't matter. You need to grab the leads. You then need to enrich the leads. That's what you see down here, right? It does some company research, right? It got the individuals. Now we're looking at their company and we need to combine all that together. Then you need some sort of custom messaging, right? Especially if you're doing cold outreach. What is your northstar? Well, your northstar is to create messaging that sounds like you researched them and them only, right? This is a one for one email, not a one for 10,000, right? And you do that by enriching it and then customizing it, which is where AI comes in. And then lastly, you need some way to actually put this into a cold outreach ecosystem so you can actually use the data at scale simply, right? Something like instantly. But there's a bunch of different ways to do this, right? So lead generation automations, you need to know how to find leads, enrich leads, custom messaging, put into an ecosystem, right? If you check those four, it's pretty easy to sell these and everyone wants them because everyone lives and dies by sales, right? Especially small or mediumsiz businesses know these. So that's our second S tier. We got two S tiers, an A tier, and a D tier. So, so far we've been looking at some good ones. So, lead genen S tier, gold standard. Now, let's look at custom newsletters. So, the custom newsletters are just what they sound like. We're doing some sort of research on the front end based on what the client wants and then turning it into a nice and neat article that they read inside of their email. Might sound simplistic, but there are huge companies where this is their only product, right? And there's a lot of value for people when it comes to like this information overload out there. I just want to be able to open up my email and see all the information I need in my niche and my sector, right? Just laid out for me. And the great thing about these, similar to some of the other automations we've talked about, is once you have this template, it's very easy to, you know, like kind of productize because all you're going to change is really the search resources like where are we getting the data and you can do stuff like perplexity or tablet alongside RSS feeds and then you take that, you know, jumble of information, you just shove it into some sort of, you know, LLM and then you have it process it however you want. pretty easy to create and you can sell these for a few thousand a pop. So, the newsletter automations are going to be solidly in a tier, right? They're not some crazy innovative thing, but they provide value. They get the job done and they're easy to create. All right, personal assistance. You know what I'm going to say about this? It's the same thing with AI agent armies. These are great for beginner projects. You learn how to use NAD. You learn how to like manipulate data. That's awesome. Now, think about being an actual small business or medium-sized business and these are generate revenue. Does this do anything for you? Are you going to pay someone $5,000, $3,000 for the right to send emails via Telegram? No. No, you are not. So, these are Dtier. These are terrible. Beyond as a practice exercise, do not spend time on personal assistance beyond your first month of like being in the space, right? That's where they need to stay. You will not sell these. Nobody buys these for good reason. So, personal assistants, you're in Dtier. Sorry. Next up is voice agents. So, voice agents, we're talking about things hooked up to like Vappy or 11 Labs that can like basically be like either like an SDR, like a sales rep or a receptionist. These are S tier. These are another one of your gold standard AI automations and agents that you need to understand if you want to make money in the space. And like voice agents are something that people make their entire business off of. Like it's the only thing they sell. They really drill down on it. And the technology here is a getting really good and b similar to um lead genen automations. The ROI here is simple to explain. Hey, you have a receptionist. Imagine if it was AI and it worked 24/7. You know, you need more sales reps. Well, imagine it was AI and it was hooked up to your CRM and it automatically followed up with leads and got their information within 30 seconds of them filling out the form. Right? ROI is easy to explain. These are less complicated than you would think to set up, especially when using things like 11 Labs, but they still require a little bit of expertise. So, it is worth investing the time in. So, voice agents S tier. These are one of your AI agent pillars that you must understand. Okay, S tier. And next up is content automations. Now, content automations were actually hard to rank because a these are so varied and b so much is dependent upon the skill of the operator. What you're seeing here is a uh content automation that takes like seed dance or nano banana images and turns it into 4K 60 fps videos. This can make awesome videos or it can make AI slop crap, right? And that's the difference between S tier content that can really drive your brand forward and F-tier content that everyone swipes past and the only people who comment on it are saying like, "Wow, AI is terrible. More garbage. You're ruining artists lives." Right? Like that's a huge variance. And because of that, I would put content automations in B tier. You need to understand how they work and you need some in your back pocket because a lot of people want this, right? A lot of people want to be able to outsource essentially their marketing to AI, but you need to really understand how they work and you also need to know where they need to like really get in the weeds to leverage it to the best of its ability. Something like this for example, what where's the skill required? Is the skill required in the stitch and up scale and turning it into 4K 60 fps? Is the skill in the scene creation? Actually, the skill isn't in any of this. The skill is in creating the original images that make up the scenes, which is done inside of nano banana or seed dance. This isn't even part of the automation, but it's what the automation is built upon, right? And so, you kind of need to know where you need to talk to your client if you're doing content creation and be like, "All right, here's the automation. This does 90% of it, but here's the 10% you actually need to sit down and think about and like to make this not be as slop. So, because of that, we're going to put this in B tier, but understand content automations that could be S tier and frankly oftent times it's Dtier because people are lazy. Which leaves us with two left, research automations and finance automations. So, let's talk about research automations. So, you're looking at a firecall MCP agent. This could be perplexi. This could be Tavly. And let's just call it what it is. This is a tier. Now, why is research a tier? Well, I mean, if you look at this, so many of the ones we've already talked about either already have a research component tied into it, right? Think of lead genen automations or you can just shoehorn it in. Anyway, it's similar to rag like that. Like rag and research automations, these things can go inside of anything, right? Even your crappy personal assistants can include rag and they can include research, right? Your custom newsletter, that's going to have rag. You could have rag in it, but it's also definitely having research, right? And then that can tie into social media posters and that can tie into content automations, right? You obviously need to understand how research automations work because they're so ubiquitous. They go inside of anywhere. They can do almost anything and it's actually one of the great places that you can leverage AI. So easy A tier. So research goes to A tier. So let's talk about finance automations. Now these come in many forms. What you see here is essentially like a stock analyzer. It also looks at stuff like crypto. I would put these in Ctier, but this is similar to content where it can take so many different forms, it's almost hard to rank them specifically. But from my experience, people aren't really buying these, right? I the type of places that would require AI to do these sort of like evaluations or already doing it in-house. So specializing in being some sort of like AI stock researcher product, like who are you really selling to, you know? Um like retail investors like maybe. Mhm. So, it's less that these are like ineffectual because you could argue they're they're pretty decent. The problem is no one's buying these. So, I wouldn't spend my time, you know, learning how to build these and then selling them. And for that reason, we are going to put these in Ctier, right? They're okay that you can do them as a fun personal project, but I wouldn't really like sit there and spend a bunch of time trying to master this. So, finance C. And so, that's the ranking of the 10 most popular. And so you should kind of see a pattern here of like which ones are S tier and which ones are not. And obviously it's all about being able to drive value for businesses. What can we instantly relate to revenue generating activity or just provide massive value as like being able to integrate into a system like lead genen automations and voice agents. ROI is simple, right? You're either straight up replacing a worker or you're bringing in more clients. ROI is clear. Rag agents it's less like onetoone but rag is what essentially powers any AI system that you want to be internal to the business right I want it to be up to speed on my projects on all the documentation you need ra so rag can power all these things right rag can be the engine upon which any AI agent is built so rag lead genen voice agents that's kind of your triple threat and then beneath that you have really research automations right because the research can tie into all these, right? So, these this kind of four, we're just going to make this look super ugly, but these are the four you want to master. If I if I said, "Hey, someone came to me today said, "What what AI agents automations I need to spend my time learning?" Rag, Legen, Voice, research automations. That's all you really need. And if you do that, you're going to be able to make some money. So, that's it for our video today. Let me know in the comments what you thought. As always, all the templates can be found for free inside of my school. There's a link to that down in the comments below.

=== 4k Nano Banana Videos on Autopilot (n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpyB_QbK65A

Nano Banana and now Seamream have completely taken over the AI world the last few weeks. But if you want to turn those images into 4K 60fps videos, the process is slow and cumbersome as you're forced to navigate a bunch of different tools to make it work. But in this video, we solve that problem as I give you this editen workflow that automates the entire process. Whether it's your typical advertisements or product showcases, all you have to do is upload your images, give it a prompt, and it's going to create the videos, stitch them together, and upscale it to 4K. Now, I'm not only going to give you the end automation. I'm also going to give you this air table interface so we can control everything from one place. So, I'm really excited about this video because there's so many applications for this technology, whether it's commercial or creative. So, let's go ahead and get started. So, before we get started, remember I'm giving you this template for free. Just go down below to the comments, click on the free school link. You can find this template in my community. Go ahead and download the JSON template. You're then going to come into NAND, just go to import from file, click on the file you just downloaded, and you'll see something just like this. And we'll go through in a little bit how you set everything up inside of here. Secondly, I also have the Air Table template in here. And we'll go through Air Table in a second, but all you have to do is click this link and it will take you to the base. You just hit copy base and you'll have the Air Table section set up as well. And once you have all that ready, then you can follow along with the rest of the video so you don't get lost. So, let's kick this off by looking at our automation. So, it's split into two sections. The scene creation section in red and the stitch and upscale section in the purple. Now, why is it split up like this? Well, it's split up like this because of how AI videos are actually made or how we are going to make them. And this is how we're going to make them. We're going to make them with a start frame and an end frame. And those frames are where Nano Banana and Cadream come in, right? They're the models that are responsible for creating these frames, right? the first frame we see when the video starts and the last frame when it ends. We take those two photos, the start and end. We give them to a video generator. In this case, it's going to be Miniax, also known as Hilu. We give it a prompt and then the AI system figures out based on our prompt how to go to frame one to the last frame. Right? That's kind of the beauty of it. We just need to tell where to start and end and AI is going to do the rest alongside with our prompt helping guide it. And why is this such a big deal now with Nano Banana and Cadream? Well, because before it was really hard to go from a start frame to an end frame and maintain character consistency, but that's something we can do now. I mean, look at this final one. I was able to create a picture of something that looked like me on a rooftop and actually throw in the NAN automation that we're looking at, right? Look at that. And look at this, right? It's on a CRT monitor. It has the same aesthetic, the shadows, like it actually fits. And from that single image, even if we could create that before, it would have been really hard to then move to this, which is the final frame with the same NADN automation on that same CRT monitor. This just wasn't possible unless you were extremely skilled and also doing stuff in like Photoshop afterwards to do. Now, you can do with a single prompt. And you can see over here some other images that I made based off of this first image, right? Here's one of me from overhead. Here's one zoomed out. Here's one also zoomed out. Right? So the kind of flow is you find a singular starting image, you take that to Creamer or Nano Banana and then you prompt it, you prompt it, you prompt it, maintaining character consistency along the way until you get something where you're like, okay, I could see a video starting here and I could see a video ending here and I know how I kind of want to get there via video prompt. That's our workflow. And coming back here, the process of then taking those images, sending it to the video generator, stitching multiple images, cuz remember here, this would be video one, video two, video three. You remember this from the intro. We need to stitch all those together and upscale them as a single thing. How do we do all that? Well, you can manually stitch them. You can manually take them to Topaz and, you know, upscale it. Or we can do it all automatically, which is what our automation is doing. So, in the scene creation piece, what's happening is it's taking that first frame and last frame and creating that single six-second scene. It's creating this, right? Going from the galaxy to the city. It's then going to do it again from the city to me sitting at the desk. And then lastly, me at the desk to the monitor. It's going to create three videos. That's what happens here. From there, once we give those videos a thumbs up, it's then going to go to the stitch and upscale section. It's going to grab the videos from Air Table. It's going to stitch all three of them together in the correct order. It's then going to upscale that final stitch video and drop it back into our Air Table. And all we have to do is click a button. And speaking of Air Table, here it is. You can see each video kind of has the same title, right? We have rooftop, rooftop, rooftop. We have the scenes 1, 2, and three. And then you see here we have the first frame put in here and the last frame. And we have that repeated all the way down. So the last frame of scene one becomes the first frame of scene two, etc. We then give it a prompt, right? And I'll talk about this some more, but I usually go to something like Gemini or Claude to help me with the prompt, right? I'll throw it to the images and be like, what would a good prompt for this be? We then have a status section. We have the ability to create that first scene, which is this first create button. And then we'll get our video back from FAI. And I'll explain all this in more detail later when we go module by module. Once I get all three individual scenes, and I can see them all here, when I double click, right? If I click on here, it'll show me the scene. Once I like all three of them for the video, I'll then give it the thumbs up by hitting this create 4K video. And it will then automatically grab them, stitch them, upscale, upload it. And you should also start to see why we have it split up into two parts, right? This way you don't create the stitch 4K video until you like all the individual scenes. We could have made this completely automated with one button, but chances are you would get a lot of crap videos and that's also expensive. So that's the big picture of how this system is working. Now, what we're going to do is we are going to go module by module so you understand what's going on under the hood and what you need to edit to make this really yours. Okay. So, the first thing we got is our 1080p web hook inside of scene creation. You don't have to edit anything in here inside of NAN, but we are going to have to make an Air Table change. So, I want you to go to production URL and I want you to copy this. We're then going to go inside of Air Table and I want you to go to the create 1080p column. So, I want you to do edit field. And you see here what I just highlighted this whole section before the question mark. You're going to you're going to then put in the URL you just copied. So, it should be your production URL, question mark, record ID, and record ID. Okay. What's this doing? This is the web hook. So, when I click this create button, it's then sending a signal to NADN to this web hook specifically saying, "Hey, go ahead and start creating the scene." Next up is get create rows one. Now what is happening here? Well, what's happening here is we're getting some information from our air table. So what you are going to need to change is you're going to need to put in your base and you need to put in your table. Now I'm not going to go in depth about um how to set up air tableable. Go ahead and just click the docs right here. And if you've never set up air table before, it'll take you 30 seconds and it then walks you through step by step how to do it. But you're gonna want to select your base, select the table, which should be 4K video, and then status will be 1080p standby. And we're passing all this stuff. So again, you shouldn't have to touch anything here. But let's talk about what's actually happening. What are we passing? How does this interact with air tableable? So looking at air tableable. So what we are sending to NAN in that module is the first frame, the last frame, and the video prompt. Now, like I said before, the first frame and last frame, these are going to be created inside of Nano Banana or Seedream. So, when it comes to actually creating these images inside of Nanobanana and Cadream, the process is exactly the same. And I actually describe it in pretty great detail in the video above where I go into Nano Banana Marketing Guide. The long and short of it is is you just need a good prompt. And a good prompt that allows you to combine images is going to include motion. And you need to change the perspective of the original image. again this image right here. And you probably saw inside my thumbnail. I got this all from like Claude. And you can see I didn't really like the first image. So I just keep going back and forth with AI till I get something I want. It's that simple. It's not magic. All you have to do is prompt it. Well, if you give it a crappy prompt, you're going to get a bad output. Garbage in, garbage out. And again, same exact thing for Nano Banana as Cedream. I also have links to both Nano Banana and Seedream inside the template. And once you have these images you want, you literally just drag and drop them into Air Table. And also of note when it comes to like if you want motion in your videos, right, you need to have some change in distance. Like look at this one. The first frame was quite literally like the Milky Way and then I had the top of a city, right? That's a lot of distance to travel. There's going to be a ton of motion. Versus this one with the computer versus like a close-up of the monitor, not nearly as much motion. Just think about those things as you're trying to craft a video in your mind. Next, it's going to grab the video prompt. And that's easy enough. Again, I just go to AI for these. I literally upload my first image and last image, and I just say like, "Hey, this is what I'm thinking about. Can you come up with a video prompt for me?" And I just copy paste it in here. Lastly, what it's looking for too is it's looking for its status. So, when you are ready for a video to be created, you're going to set it to 1080p standby. That's basically you telling the system like, "Hey, I have my frames. I have my prompt. I want to turn it into that original 1080p scene, that 6second video." And all the ones that are set to 1080p are what is going to be grabbed by the automation. Okay? So, if it's set to complete or it's set to 4K, won't do it. This is your like little cue to set which videos you actually want created. And then you just hit the button and it runs. And that's what it grabs here. We can see here on the output, it's getting the URLs alongside the prompts. Next, we send the images and the prompts to actually have the video created using FA AI. So, you don't need to change anything here with the URL, but you are going to have to create a FA AI account. So, here's F.AI. It's essentially a giant marketplace for APIs. So, this is where we're able to use Cream if you want. This is where we stitch our videos, upscale them. All of it's right here. So, everything here does have a cost. So, make sure you add some funds up here on the top right. And then you're going to need to get your API key. So you're going to go to account. You're then going to go to API keys up here at the top left. You're going to go to add key, give it a name or whatever. Create the key. And then you're going to copy this key. Next, you're going to create your FA AI header. So authentication will be generic credential type header O. Then you're just going to create a new credential. It's going to look something like this. You're going to want the name to be authorization. And then for the value, you're going to do key space and then you're actually going to copy paste your API key. You need that exact capitalization on key, the space, and your API key. Switch it back to fixed. Save it. You're all set. Then we need to send the body and we need to map some things for a JSON payload. So you'll see here what we're actually passing. We're passing the prompt, the image URL, the end image URL. We also have the prompt optimizer as well as a file web hook. And I'll explain that with the weight node. You shouldn't have to touch anything here. Just so you realize, we're just mapping things from here over on the left. So, um, the URL, right, this gets put there. I do the same thing for the last frame. And then the prompt is down here on the bottom. I just drag this video prompt over here. That's where the prompt comes from. Next, we have a weight node. This is set to 6 minutes. Um, usually the videos themselves will take anywhere from like four to five. Usually when I do these, I have an actual web hook on the weight node. So it's not just like an arbitrary number. Unfortunately, foul AI is kind of like very finicky with that and doesn't it just doesn't really work properly with Nad. So I know in Kaii in the past, we've had a proper like web hook, you know, with the weight node. We're not doing that this time. We are like back in the stone ages with this and you'll you'll see that repeated later. But long story short, we give them the request to create the video. It waits 6 minutes. video then gets created and we download the video. So that's what's happening here in the get videos module. Make sure you're connected to Fowl AI and then we are looking for an output with the URL over here on the right. And again these 6second videos that are created, these are 1080p. Lastly, we then update the records and we push the link to that video back to Air Table and we also update the status to 4K standby. We then repeat that for every single set of images and prompts that were set to 1080p standby. And at the end of the cycle, you'll see this. The status will have been changed to 4K standby. Basically saying like, "Hey, this 1080p video is good. I like it." The video itself will be linked below on the 1080p video column. So, I can click on it, take a look at it. If I, for whatever reason, did not like the video that was created, I can switch this back to 1080p standby and have it created again. Just remember, every single 6second video creation is about 4548 cents. But if I like it, I'll just keep it on 4K standby. And then we move into the actual stitching and upscaling portion. Now, you're probably wondering at this point, what the heck actually happened? How was that video being created? What system was being used? Well, if we go back into NAND over here on the left, I linked all the resources that are being used. Obviously, Nana Banana Cream. The video creation piece is Miniaax, also known as Hilu. So if I click on this, it will take you to the API that we're actually using. So you can see here prompt. There's a place for the beginning image URL and the end image URL. So if you ever just wanted to like play around in their API playground, basically throw images and prompts there. You don't want to use it in the automation, you can do that right here. And it also goes into like the API itself and all this other stuff. So that's the scene creation piece. Now, let's look at how we're able to stitch all these disparate videos together and then upscale them to 4K 60fps. So, just like before, we have another web hook and we have to do the same process. So, I want you to click inside the 4K web hook. I want you to go to production URL, copy this, go back to Air Table. This time, we're editing the create 4K video node. So, we're calm. So, go to edit field and same deal as before. this whole section before the question mark. Replace that with your web hook URL. That way, when you click it, it will kick off the automation. Next, there's another get rows right here. We're just grabbing all the all the rows that have 4K standby set, right? And that's the title, the scene, and the actual video link. So, we want the video link, obviously, cuz we need to stitch them together. And we grab the scenes, and we actually sort them by the scenes. That way, the scenes are actually in order, right? 1 2 3 4, however many you do. Next, we then aggregate them all. This just makes it easier for when we need to stitch them. So, if you click in here, you'll just see we're aggregating individual fields and we're just sending the 1080p videos in there. Next, we merge the videos using ffmpeg. I don't know if you actually pronounce it fmpg or you're supposed to say ffmpeg. Who knows? I probably did it wrong no matter what. But that's that's what we're using. Um, pretty simple here. It's just going to be post. Keep that URL the same. Connect your headers again like you've already done. And then all we're passing here is just the video URLs. And honestly, I will probably get rid of this foul web hook because it didn't even end up working. But this is all we pass. Again, nothing you should have to change here. We then have a wait node. Um, this is set to wait for 3 minutes. We actually do the web hook one with this, but honestly, it goes super fast. It takes like I think a minute, usually under a minute. Um, I actually had the web hook one working here. For whatever reason, this was like the only tool inside of foul where the web hook weight node worked. Most of you probably have no idea what I'm even talking about, but understand it was a headache for me. So, we tell it to merge the videos. We tell them to stitch them together. We wait a little bit. And then next, we have the get stitch module. This is us just getting that stitch video back, right? So, we started with the three videos. Now, it's one. And all you should have to do here is just connect your proper file AI count. So, now we've stitched them together. Now, we want to upscale them, right? Cuz normally it's to 1080p. Well, I want 4K. I want 60 fps. And again, by the way, um, if you want to look at the FFmpeg right here on the left, you can just click that link. Same thing as Miniax. It'll take you there so you can look at all the settings if you want. But here we go. Now, we're going to send the request to actually upscale our video. Now, this one actually takes a while. Just a heads up. Um, for like a three like a 15 18second video, takes you like 10 minutes. We're going to click on here. Um, post URL. You shouldn't have to change. Connect your account. Now, inside of here, we're just passing a couple things. We're passing the video URL. So that's the actual URL of the stitched, you know, video of all three are now one. And then you have upscale factor H.264 output to true. And target FPS. Target FPS. If you want to be 265 instead of 264, if you want to change the upscale factor, you can change any of these. Um, if you want more information about what the heck all that means, I suggest just coming over here to the left, click on the Topaz one, and this will be all explained to you if you go to like the API, stuff like that. But long story short, we're just upscaling it to 4K. Then we just have to wait for it to occur. So the we have an HTTP request here. It's red because of the weight and that's just how it work looks inside of Nitn, but you shouldn't have to touch anything. Just update your account and then it just goes through a loop here. We have a switch node. This is just checking like, hey, did we get the URL or is it giving us an error message that says it's still in progress. So if we get a response back saying it has the video URL, that means it was a success. It was a success and we can continue on. If we get the error message saying it's still in progress, it just loops back around, right? So, we're just going to wait. And again, this can take up to 10 minutes. Then we have these two air table nodes, a search records and an update record. Why is there a search record and why don't we just go immediately to update record? Well, because we want to identify everything that was 4K standby and then we update all the ones that were 4K standby. What does that actually mean? Well, if you don't have that node, then all of these won't get updated, right? Because it's going to go from 4K standby to complete once it's done. And this makes sure it goes through and updates all of them. It doesn't just update one or two. So, we're just covering our bases with that. And lastly, you'll then get the 4K video here. Now, all three will be the same, right? It puts them into each of the individual um rows, but that's fine. From there, you can just click on it and it's going to be super stuttery a lot of the times, but um you can go ahead and download it. The file will be fairly large because it's, you know, 4K 60fps. It's going to be kind of like, you know, just like you saw there, kind of rubbery, like rubber bandandy. Um but yeah, that's pretty much it. So, that's the automation, guys. I know we kind of ripped through that in the second half, but it actually looks crazier than it actually is, right? the majority of your time when it comes to actually making this work is going to be in your images, right? You are going to live and die by your first frame, your last frame, and your prompt. And so, again, make sure you check out that video that I linked earlier where I go into like, you know, it's called the Nano Banana Marketing Guide where I really deep dive into like, okay, how do you manipulate these images inside of Seedream and Nano Banana? Because it's the same thing. They're they operate the same, right? It's all about the prompt. But once you're able to do that, like the the sky's is the limit with this. Like this is super cool technology. Like it's really cool how it can be used in both marketing and in creative aspects. So go crazy with it. Um hopefully this entire automation and like infrastructure helps you out having it all in one place cuz you can see how many tools we use, right? Like we did um Nano Banana, Cream, Miniax, FMEG, Topaz, right? And then we need to put it somewhere. This just consolidates it and I think makes it a little bit easier to do this at scale. So, as always, let me know what you thought in the comments. Check out the school. Tons of great resources both in the free and in the paid one. And I'll see you guys around.

=== n8n-mcp + Claude Code = prompt to workflow INSANITY? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3bWvva6ucw

What if we could create NAD agents and automations with a simple prompt and not just get the JSON code back, but have it built on our NAND instance for us? Well, that's exactly what this NAD MCP server does when we combine it with the power of Cloud Code. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to get it up and running. And I'm going to answer the question that you are probably asking yourself right now. How good is it really? Because it's not enough to show you something that can build simple agents. Well, we need to know how it can handle complex automations that it's never seen before or hasn't been trained on. So, to answer that question, we're going to run it through some tests. We're going to see how it does on simple, medium, and hard difficulty level workflows. That way, you can understand how good this tool really is and if it's worth your time. Because the point of this video isn't to hook you in with some clickbait claim that this thing is a silver bullet. You need to know what its limitations are and where its strengths lie. And spoiler alert, it's not perfect, but it's better than you expect. So with that, let's jump in. First things first, let's talk about this Naden MCP server that's going to be kind of the backbone of this entire workflow. So why do we care about this one in particular? And why is it so much better than everything else you've seen on YouTube, right? I'm sure you've seen videos of people making custom GPTs or custom cloud projects where they give it some super long system prompt and a bunch of examples, but doesn't ever work when you try it. Well, this one is different because this NAND MCP is actually calling on Naden itself to get its information. What you see right here are a list of just some of the tools this NAND MCP provides us. And some of the big ones are things like list nodes, tool documentations, and the ability to also list templates. What the heck does that mean? Well, it means this MCP server will literally go to NADN, see all the nodes that are available to it. It's up todate. It gets all the documentation on the nodes and it has the ability to look at templates on N9 itself. That's over 3,000 templates at this point. So, it knows what it can work with. It knows what things are possible and it uses that information alongside your initial prompt to build these things out for us. On top of that, it has these NE management tools, which means that if we give this MCP, our API key to our NAND instance as well as URL, it will actually build the workflows on there for us, right? We don't just have to copy the JSON code and go there. It'll do everything. So, all in all, this is an awesome tool. It was built by this guy, Zancowski. Um, if you go to the GitHub, I'll put a link to it down below. He actually has a video talking about how to start it as well. Definitely check it out. This guy only has like 4K subs, which is wild cuz this is a great tool. Definitely check out his work. So, what do you need? Well, what you are going to do is you're going to go to this GitHub page. You're going to scroll down to where it says full configuration with NAD management tools right here. You're going to click that to copy. We are then going to go inside of Claude Code. Now, if you've never used Claude Code before, I'll put a link to this video above, which is like Claude Code for non-coders. Shows you how to set it all up, all that stuff. And what you want to do is just create a new folder. Mine right now is just called nadenmcp YouTube. And I'm going to create a new file. And we're going to call this file.mcp.json. Okay. Then I want you to paste all that stuff in there that we just did. Now, what I want you to do is I want you to go to your NAN instance because we are going to need your API key and your URL. So, the URL is literally just the URL up here. So, I'm on hosting, so it's just like naden server blah blah blah blah. I'll go back into my file and I'm pasting that in there. Okay. So, also get rid of the slash at the end. So, it should look just like this. Next, we need your API key. So you're going to go down to the left, go to settings, go to naden API, and then you're going to go ahead and create an API key right here. You can give it all the scopes, expiration, whatever you want. And you can call it whatever you want as well. It'll bring up your API key. Copy that. And then you're going to paste it into here where it says NAD API key. Now, if you're on Mac, you're going to be fine right now. If you're a freak and you're still on Windows like me, you're going to have to change a couple things here. You're going to change npx to command. And then for args, you're going to do dash c and then npx. So this is what it should look like if you're on Windows. Command and then for args / c npx any mcp. Then just save it. Okay. Once you do that, you can start up cloud code and you should see a message that says new mcp server is found. naden-mcp. The next thing you're going to do is /init. And that's going to create the cloud. MD page. Now while that's happening, I want you to go back to the GitHub. If you scroll down the GitHub, you'll get to this thing that says Claude project setup. Now, this is essentially like a set of instructions for how we want Claude Code to use this MCP server. So, we're just going to copy this. We're going to go back into Claude Code. We're going to head to this claude.md file. And what we're going to do is we are going to paste in all of that. Right. So, now Claude has an idea of how to best use this MCP server. And so go ahead and save that and then prompt claude to take a look at that file. So I just prompted it and said take a look at the claw.md file. I just added a bunch of info on how to use the nan mcp server. Now you only have to do that the first time. Now every other time you spin up cloud code inside this project directory. You'll know what to do. So now we have our cloud code environment properly set up with our nitmc server. So let's go ahead and test it. And like I said, we're going to do a very simple test to start. So, I just gave it a prompt to create a simple chatbot with OpenAI as the LLM, a simple memory node, and the Wikipedia node, right? It doesn't get easier than this. And let's see how it does. But first, we're going to go to plan mode and kind of see what plan it comes up with. Now, this is so simple that we could have oneshot this right away, but this is good practice when you're doing something of any complexity because honestly, your prompt's going to suck most of the time. So, what you want to do is do plan mode. That way, Opus takes a look at your plan and then comes back with some questions like, "All right, your plan has whole A, B, C, and D. How do you want to approach this? I need these answers for you." That way, you can have it actually create a good product. Because if it's garbage in, garbage out, and you give it bad prompts that aren't kind of like holistic and hit on everything it needs to actually create something, it's going to suck. So, by going into plan mode and oftent times putting some sort of sentence at the end that says, "What do you need from me?" you can help avoid those issues. So, here's the plan it came up with. It's telling us, hey, I'm going to use tool documentation to understand what I can use. I'm going to check for templates. I'm going to do node discovery. So, basically, it's saying, hey, I'm going to go through all the tools at my disposal to see how best I should approach this. So, we're just going to say, yeah, go ahead and do that. Okay, so it finished up. So, it gives us the JSON. It also gives us an entire guide up here in this um AI chatbot agent workflow guide, right? a whole breakdown which is quite a bit of information for a very simple bot. Um, and then goes through like the architecture, files created, key features. So, it is very detailed in the product. It gives you and it says it actually built it on the NN server for us. So, let's take a look at that. So, it says AI. So, this was just created AI chatbot with memory in Wikipedia. And here's what we got. We fix this. All right. It's pretty much exactly what we asked for. Again, very very simple. It has the OpenAI chat model. Um, it did 40 mini, which is fine. We didn't specify. Has a simple memory, Wikipedia tool, and it didn't bother with a system prompt, but we didn't give it any details on that. But it built what we said it would, right? The simplest AI agent you possibly could create. Not bad. All right, so we did pretty good on our simple agent. Now, let's see how it does when we turn up the difficulty a little bit. Now, we're asking it to create us a custom newsletter generator. So, we want an automation that runs every morning, grabs the latest AI news from multiple sources, and we want it to use the web search tool to determine those sources, parse and summarize them with a large language model, then send us the newsletter via Gmail. Now, real quickly, Claude Code has the ability to search the web. That's why I use the uh verbiage use your web search tool. This way, when it's coming up with how it wants to create this newsletter for us, it can actually go online, search different sources to find the best sources for our newsletter. And as always, we're on plan mode, so we're going to let it go to work and see what it comes back with. Okay, so it gave us the plan, says it's going to give us 10 to 15 stories each day, shows us the different news sites, and now we're telling it to go to work once we approve the plan. So, it finished creating the workflow. So, let's take a look inside of NADN. So, here's what we got. So, it's got three RSS feeds right here. It has it merging it, although it only put it in two inputs. It then processes the articles, sends it to an AI summarization. All right, so it has a system prompt and a user prompt, formats the email. I assume this is for HTML, and then sends it. So, honestly, I would say this is probably like a 80% solution, right? It has the general skeleton of what we want. We could play around with the merge. We could add more feeds, but all in all, it did pretty much exactly what we said and it set it up correctly. So, I would say the server is two for two when it comes to the tests. All right, so now let's give it one that's actually kind of difficult. So, here's what we're asking for it to create. We want an automation that is meant to help people land jobs by scraping LinkedIn job boards and then finding the information for the hiring managers for those jobs. So the way it should start out is we want the user to fill out some form identifying the type of job they want. Right? I want to be a software engineer in San Francisco. That's hybrid at 200k a year. Based on that, we then want to use an appy scraper to scrape LinkedIn jobs to see what meets that criteria. Then we want the automation to bring those jobs to the user, have the user select which jobs out of that bucket they like. Then the automation needs to go scrape LinkedIn again, find the hiring managers for those jobs, craft a custom message for each job, for each hiring manager, and create a Gmail draft. That's actually quite a bit, right? That's multiple scraping. That's a lot of human in the loop. A lot has to happen. And this is something that's complex and unique enough that there probably isn't a template already sitting out there that it can kind of copy the answers off of. So, let's see how it does. We're going to start with planning mode first. We'll see what comes back. And obviously something this complex, we could have had a much more complex prompt, right? We could have probably brought that prompt to like claude itself or Gemini or whatever and seeing if we could refine it a bit. And this is where the planning mode really shines because hopefully it comes up with some questions. And if we were doing this for real, we would continue have a back and forth so we can really nail down what it is we want. So let's take a look at the plan come up with. So it breaks it down into three phases. A job discovery phase, a user selection phase, and an outreach phase. Okay, I like that. We're going to have a form trigger that has job titles, location, experience level, company preferences, and number of jobs to fetch. And then we're going to use uh Appify to scrape LinkedIn. It even gives us the recommended scraper and an alternative scraper. I like that. Um I would like it to include what the price is cuz that can vary quite a bit. There's a user job selection interface. So, it's going to have a weight node and it's going to pass a second form. And then hiring managers, it's also going to use um Appify for LinkedIn Scraper also comes with an alternative Gmail. So I'll be interested to see how it does the actual email. I would have liked an LLM to be in there and that's something I would tell it if I was doing this for real. Then goes into some of like the technical implications and the tokens that will be required. So I think this is a pretty good start for a oneshot. So we're going to see what it actually looks like once it's finished. So here's the final product for the LinkedIn job hunt automation. Now, first impressions, this is actually pretty good. It's fairly lean and we only have one module that's completely empty and it's like a non-starter, which is pretty good considering most text to workflow prompt generators. You have a bunch of these, so not terrible. Now, module by module, we have the job preference form. This looks good. Then, we have a series of Appify modules. Now, it has the URL in there. It has the headers. What it does not have is the JSON payload. So in this case, you would have to go to Appify and actually look at that. So that's some added work on your part. We also have a weight module here and it's for the same essentially scraper. So it's grabbing the information. You could do an async job here. So all three of these modules just becomes one module, right? If we want to do this for real job selection form, obviously we need to fix that. And then we kind of have the same thing here, right? Two hiring manager amplify modules. It has the right scraper. You need the JSON payload. And we could consolidate this the Gmail itself, right? It actually hardcodes the message in there. What would I have liked to have seen, and this is more on me because I didn't put in the prompt, would be some sort of large language model here that takes in all the data we found up until this point. And then we also add like our resume or something like that and like the job description and then it comes up with a more custom message, right? That'd be much more effective. So, all in all, part of it is my prompt, but part of it is just because this is more complex and there's not as many like examples for it to go off of. I would give this I would call this like a 50% solution. Maybe like a decent skeleton helps you kind of think about what you need. Um, but you do need to be pretty proficient in NAND workflows at this point to make this work. And that brings me to the conclusion of this video, which is you do need to be proficient in any workflows to really get the most out of this tool. As you've seen from what this can do, it's actually pretty impressive. When it comes to simple or like medium difficulty workflows, it almost oneshots it. And for the difficult ones, it's maybe a 50% solution. But if you don't know how to go from 50 to 100 or 80 to 100, you aren't getting as much value out of this, right? So, if you're brand new and you're looking for something that's something like a silver bullet for generating automation after automation, I don't think it's there yet. Maybe one day it will get there. Probably pretty soon in the future, but for now, I think this is a tool for somebody who does know what they're doing and just wants to speed up the initial process first. And there is a ton of value in that. And lastly, like I alluded to before, compared to any other text prompt to workflow generator, this blows them out of the water because it's built on a strong foundation, which is that NAND MCP server. It's actually talking to NADN. It's actually getting up-to-date documentation, and it's actually looking at template examples from its library 3000 plus. You can't beat that with a madeup prompt and a few of your own examples. So, that sums it up for this video. I hope this sheds some light on how you can use cloud code to accelerate your nadn workflow generation process. And as always, make sure you check out the school. Tons of resources there when it comes to getting you from that 50 or 80% mark all the way to 100% when it comes to any workflows that actually sell. So let me know in the comments how this worked out for you. And as always, I'll see you

=== Claude Code for Non-Coders | A Complete Beginner's Guide ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5ULIoThOIM

Claude Code has been dominating the Vibe coding space the last few months and for good reason. It is the best tool for leveraging AI to build things that were impossible to build just a few years ago unless you were a software developer. But unfortunately, it's really hard to find videos or guides that walk you through from beginning to end how to set up Cloud Code and use it properly. Unless you are a software developer, there's a ton of assumed knowledge. And in this video, I'm going to do the opposite. I'm going to assume you have no knowledge that you aren't technical and I'm going to take you through how to install cloud code, how to set up your environment. We're going to walk through an entire demo where we create a front end using cloud code and hook it up to an NAN agent on the back end. And I'm going to show you how to deploy it using GitHub and Verscell. And I'll also show you how we can use Cloud Code inside of Cursor so we can get out of the terminal and have an environment where we can have AIS play off of each other. So that's a ton to cover in one video, especially since I'm assuming zero outside knowledge. But the truth is you don't need that outside knowledge to get started. You just need to be curious. And so with that, let's get started. So let's start by explaining what the heck cla code actually is. So claude code is essentially allowing Claude allowing sonnet and opus to work inside of our terminal to edit files, create files, so it can build applications for us. Now what is the terminal? This is the terminal. If you go to your start menu and you type in terminal, this is what's going to pop up. Scary hacker coder stuff. what I'm doing right here. This is sort of the command line. Okay. Now, this is where Claude Code lives and this is how we interact with it. Now, that probably turns you off right away. You've never worked with it before. Don't worry. We're going to ease into this specifically when it comes to the terminal. We're going to be using a program called Cursor, which gives us an entire user interface. We can see our files. Much easier to deal with. Another way to think about cloud code is relating it to Lovable. You've used Lovable before, right? I give it prompts. It creates web apps for me. Cloud code is essentially that except instead of it living on this website, it's living on our computer inside of our terminal and it can create files and edit files on our actual machine. So what does that actually buy us? Well, it buys us more power and more control at ultimately a cheaper cost at scale using cloud code. The downside is simply the user setup, right? I can't just go to lovable and type it in. Everything's ready to go. We need to download cloud code. We need to install certain packages. We need to know how to manipulate it. But in the end, we have a way stronger tool at our disposal that we can use, which is why you're here in the first place, right? So, let's talk about pricing. You need at minimum the pro plan, which is 20 bucks a month. So, an actual claw subscription, or you can go higher tier, which is the max models, which is either $100 or $200 a month. If you're doing the pro, which will be enough for today, you get everything in cloud code, but you only get access to sonnet versus opus. Opus is the more powerful claw model. Sonnet is slightly less powerful, but it's quicker. And honestly, sonnet is more than enough in most cases. The other big difference between Pro and Max obviously is the usage. So, you are a bit limited when it comes to Pro. So, now let's talk about installation. So, you're going to go to anthropic.com/cloud-code and you're coming to this page. The first thing you need to do is install node.js on your system. So, you're going to click this link. It's going to bring you to this page. Just specify what system you're on, whether that's Windows, Mac, or Linux, and then you're going to do the installer. You're going to run through the wizard. If you're on Windows, you'll have something pop up that asks you if you want to install Chocolatey. You don't need to do that. Just install everything else. And just so you're just hitting next, next, next. Once you finish installing NodeJS, we are now going to install Cursor. So, Cursor is also an AI code editor, and it's the application that we are going to be using to interface with Claude Code. They have a free tier, no need to pay for it, so just download it and install it. Once you've installed cursor, I want you to go to your desktop and create an empty folder called claude code test. Once you've created that new folder on your desktop, I want you to open up cursor and go to open project and then find the folder you just created. Your page will look something like this. I want you to then go to terminal at the top and hit new terminal. And this is cursor in a nutshell. So remember that terminal I showed you a few minutes ago, that scary one. That's the exact same thing we have here on the bottom. The difference is with cursor, as you'll see soon, we have a bunch of different stuff that we can see. On the left hand side, although it's empty, that's where it's going to show all our files that we create. On this top half, that's going to show the file itself that we're working on. And on the right hand side is another place that we can talk to and query AI. And again, we'll dive into that later. But now, what we want to do is actually install Claude Code. So, we have the terminal up. We just need to run the command. So, I want you to go back to this Claude Code page. I want you to copy this. You're going to come back to the terminal. You're going to paste that in and you're going to run it. You should see something that says like added a certain amount of packages, changed packages, 11 packages are looking for funding. Something like that. If you see that, it worked. Next, I just want you to type claude. Hit enter. Once you put in the claude command, it's going to ask, do you trust the files in this folder? Just hit yes, proceed. So, hit enter. And then it's going to tell you, welcome to Claude. At this point, Claude should ask you to log in. If that doesn't happen, what you want to do is you want to do slash. You'll see a bunch of slash commands and then just type in login. Hit enter. It's then going to prompt you to log into your cloud account. It'll actually give you a link that takes you to the actual web page. Once you've done that, we now have Claude code running inside of the folder that we've created. And this little command line where I'm typing stuff in. That's just like as if we were talking to Claude on the actual Claude web page. So, if I were to type in right now, what sort of stuff can you do? It's going to actually process it. It's sending the request back to the cloud servers and it's going to give us response just like a traditional large language model. So you can see I asked it hey what sort of stuff you can do and it gave me a whole breakdown code management project management all this stuff. So before we actually have claude start building stuff for us let's go over some of the basics of cloud code. Now the first thing you need to understand are slash commands. So if I do slash like this I can then use my up and down arrows to go through all the different slash commands that are available to me. So, for example, I just showed you /lo, right, to log into your cloud account. We have a ton of different ones. For example, slashcontext tells me how much of our context window has already been used. At this point, we're at 8% and it breaks it down by things like system prompt, tools, MCP tool, messages, and then free space. But, as you can see, there are a ton of these. Now, I'm not going to go through all of these because cloud code goes very, very deep. But, there are a few we want to know about. And the first one we want to talk about is slashinit. Now slashinit creates a new claude.md file with codebased documentation. And anytime you start a new project using claude code, one of the first things you want to do is slashinit. Now alls it's doing is it's creating essentially a text document that's going to essentially summarize everything that's been done to our codebase up until that point. That way, further down the line, if you start working on this project again or you leave it alone and you don't come back for weeks and weeks and weeks and you start cla back up, it knows where it needs to check to see what the heck has been going on and what it needs to do going forward. Now, when you do /init, you can see up here at the top, this is the file it's creating, right? All this green stuff. And it's also going to ask us, do you want to make edits to claw.md? We're going to go to two, say yes, you can allow all edits during this session. That's fine. And it's going to go ahead and create the file. And we can see the file that was created over here in the top left, which is kind of our file explorer area. And if I click on that, here's the file itself. So remember what I talked about before, files on the lefth hand side, the file you actually are editing here in the middle, terminal down at the bottom, and then our little AI place on the top right. And feel free to browse through all these other slash commands, but right now all you need to do is that slashinit. So slash commands, very important. Now, real quickly, let's talk about extensions. So, I want you to hit this little button on the top left. Go down to extensions, and I want you to search for Claude Code. You should see Claude Code for VS Code. I want you to install that. This is just an add-on for cursor that more seamlessly integrates Claude Code for us. And over on the left, you'll see a ton of different extensions. Extensions do all sorts of things from, you know, changing the way your text looks to how the actual UI looks to giving you different functionalities for different coding language. You don't need to worry about any of that right now. Just go ahead and install Cloud Code. Now let's talk about planning mode and editing mode. So if I do shift tab, I can cycle through these different modes and you see them down here in the terminal. So question mark for shortcuts, accept edits and planning mode. So what is the difference between all these? So planning mode is just what it sounds like. I can have a conversation with the AI and before it actually builds anything, it's going to create an entire list, essentially a product requirements document of what we want to build and how it's going to do it. This is great because this is something just a few months ago you'd have to do manually, but Cloud Code will do it for you. This way, you can go ahead and talk with the AI and actually get all of your thoughts down on paper before anything is built. And you should 100% use plan mode every single time you start a new project. Next is editing mode. And if you're in this mode and you tell it to do something, it's going ahead and do it. It's going to edit files. It's going to save those changes. You're actually letting it go to work. So now, let's actually build something. So I'm set to plan mode. And I said, build me a landing page for my web app that acts as a front end for my nit chatbot. I want there to be a message window that allows me to communicate back and forth with my chatbot. And I want the UI to look like a matrix style terminal. So, I give it that and I just hit enter. And you'll see it start to go to work and actually create a full plan for how we're going to hack this. So, we can see right away it creates this to-do list, right? Which is really nice cuz you'll see it as it goes on. It'll actually check off the boxes as it completes certain steps. And right now, it wants to actually search the web to get a better idea of what the website itself should look like. So, I'm going to tell it yes, I want to proceed, and it's going to continue planning. Now, you'll notice you kind of need to be sitting here at the terminal giving it permission to do certain things. There is a way to bypass that completely. It's called clawed run dangerously. I'll show you that code later, but when you're first getting started, you want to be a little more hands-on so it doesn't like break anything. But for now, we're just going to wait for it to continue planning. So, we see here that it completed the plan. It tells us the files it's going to create. It tells us what's going to be in each file. Goes into visual effects. Talks about N integration. All sorts of stuff. And I can either accept the edits right away. I can manually change the edits. Or I can tell it to keep planning and give it a little more structure. So I'm going to tell it to keep planning. So I just told it don't worry about the NAT integrations just yet. I'll give you that web hook information later. I now like the plan. So I'm going to go ahead and let it proceed with building everything. So, I said I'll accept all the edits. And what it's going to do now is it's actually going to create all those files. And again, we see this nice little to-do list that it gives us. So, we can kind of keep tabs on where it is in the process, which is really, really nice. Also, while it's doing things, you can continue to give it more commands. So, if I do /context, once it finishes its task of actually creating all these files, it knows that I gave it another command that's sitting in the queue. So once it's done with that, it'll go ahead and show me what our context window is looking like. So if this is your first time ever coding on your computer, as it's building these things out, there will probably be times where it's telling you, hey, I need to install this Python package. I need to install this Angro package. Understand that is safe. If you ever get confused, you can take the command it gave you and you can either go to like Google or Perplexi to find out or you can use the AI that's already built inside a cursor. And what do I mean by that? I'm talking about this thing over on the top right. I'm going to set it to ask. So, we're just in talking mode. But what this is is cursor also has its own AI that can look at all the files we've created. So, I can give it prompts and it will have full context of the file that we're working inside of. So, cursor knows all these files on the left that just got created. So, if I'm ever like, I don't know if I believe you, Cloud Code, and I kind of want a second AI opinion, well, I can just go to Cursor and have that happen. And on top of that, I can choose different models to use, right? I could use Claude 4 sonnet. I can use GPT5. I can use 40, right? Whatever I want. So I could, for example, as kind of this AI brainstorming phase, be like, take a look at my codebase. What do you think? Right? Obviously, this is very bland and generic. And I'm going to move this over here for a second. But over here on the right hand side, it's now going to take a look at all the code that's been written and kind of give us an assessment if we've done anything wrong or if we could do things better. If you've been using AI for any time at all, you know, this kind of bouncing AIS off of each other's AI back and forth can be really helpful sometimes, especially if you're in a brand new environment like this, like the terminal encoding and you've never done it before. So, take full use of this if you're using cursor. So, here's the full response that GPT5 gave us, right? gave us some suggested edits, all this stuff. What you could do is you could copy it down here, bring it into Cloud Code, and be like, "Hey, this is some suggested edits. What do you think?" Right? So, you can totally have these two AI coding masters kind of go back and forth if you're ever confused. We'll stick with what Claude Code created for now, cuz this was a pretty simple assignment. So, it's telling us that it created the web page for us that we can now look on our local browser. So, we're going to bring up the folder that we made. And inside we see index.html. So, I'm just going to open this inside our browser. And here's what it created. Now, this is on our local host, right? This is not connected to the internet yet. There's no domain that I could give to a friend and have them look at it. However, even though it's on local host, this is great for us to look at and see, okay, like here's the prototype. What do we like? What do we not like? What I don't like is, you know what, I don't actually like it green anymore. I want this to be blue and I want like a cool matrix background. So, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to take a screenshot of it and I'm going to give that to Cloud Code. And then once inside of cloud code, I'll do altv and you should see like image number one, image number two, etc. show up there. If you're on Mac, you should just be able to drag and drop it. If you're on Linux or WSL, it'll be a little bit more of a pain in the butt and you can't do this directly. So, good luck with that. But for most users, Mac, Windows, it'll look just like this. So, this is the same as me dropping a screenshot inside of like lovable or something. I can say, take a look at this. I want it to be blue instead. And I want a matrix style background, the falling text, right? I cannot type. So, giving it images to work off of is that easy. And again, it goes through the same cycle. It's going to create the to-do list, and then it's going to go step by step and knock out everything we need. Okay, so it's saying it made the update. So, let's take a look. I'm going to go back to my web page again. We're on local host. I'm just going to refresh it and we can see, hey, it's now blue and it kind of has that Matrix style text in the background. Pretty sweet. Although, for whatever reason, it made it like Japanese, you know. So, that's interesting. So, we don't have this actually hooked up to our NAD backend just yet. But before we do that, I want to introduce you to sub aents inside of Cloud Code. So, what are Cloud Code sub aents? Well, they're almost like miniature instances of clawed code that this primary claude code controls and we can have it do different tasks for us simultaneously, right? While this cla code instance that we're working with is kind of like this generalist, we're telling it to do all these things, create the web page, hook up n, what if we wanted a sub agent that was like just dedicated to the user interface or I wanted a sub agent that was just dedicated to like hooking up a Stripe integration. That's something we can totally do and it's actually really easy. So, what we're going to do is we're going to do slash agent or sorry, slash agents. Scroll down. We'll hit enter. Now, we have a few builtin agents already. You see them down here. General purpose, status line, output style. But I want to create a new agent. So, I'm just going to hit enter. So, it's going to ask you if you want a project or a personal agent. So, a project agent is specific to that project just like it sounds. If I create this UI sub agent that we're going to create and I make it a project one, you can only find it inside of this project inside of this folder. If I create a new folder for a new project, that won't exist. If I create a personal uh sub aent, that's essentially like a global sub aent that I've created that I can call on to do things in any project I make from here on out that uses cloud code. So, project ones, you can get very very like tight with your scope because it's only going to be used for that specific instance. And in this case, we're going to go with project. Now you can either do manual configuration or you can generate with claude. I suggest just having it generate with claude. And now alls you do is you give it a prompt for the sub agent. So two ways to do this. You can either do it yourself and just say hey I want a sub agent that's built for specifically the UI and doing sort of like UX things or even better go to cloud go to chat GBT explain what you're trying to build and have it come up with a prompt for you. So, I went to Perplexity had it create a prompt for me um for this landing page UI expert and it gave me all this stuff. So, all I'm going to do is I'm going to copy this, go back into cursor, paste that in there, and hit enter. And now Claude is going to do everything it needs to do in the background to create this sub agent for me. Pretty sweet. Now, it's going to ask you what tools you want to give it access to. We're just going to hit continue. We're going to give it access to everything. And then it's also going to ask you what model you want it to use. Now, if you're on the Max plan, it'll also give you the option of Opus. Honestly, Sonnet is just fine. You also have the ability to just let it automatically select the agent based on the parent. So, for example, we're using sonnet in our main cloud code conversation, and that's what I suggest you always do. So, we'll just do sonnet for now. And then you can give it a color. So, we're going to give it red. And then we're just going to hit enter. So now I can just back out, hit escape, and if we go to the top left, you see this.claude folder. If I click on that, you can now see that there's an agent subfolder and the landing page designer agent. So what I can do now is I can talk to Claude Code and say, "Hey, go use the landing page designer and have it come up with some ideas for the UI." So that's exactly what I told it. Use the landing page designer agent, have it come up with some landing page UI ideas. And now in the background, that thing's working. And remember how we used the color red? Now, specifically, it shows it in red as it's doing stuff. Pretty awesome. And you can imagine how many sub agents you can create and have them working at a bunch of different things all at once. Now, you're going to be tempted to right away create like 50 agents and have them all doing those little tasks. Always remember, less is more, especially when it comes to simpler projects, but I did want to demonstrate how easy it is to set up agents inside of Cloud Code and get them working for you. Now, for the sake of time, we're not going to implement all those sub aent changes it proposed. I just kind of wanted to run you through how the sub aent system works in cloud code. But what I want to do now is actually hook up, you know, our matrix style landing page that we've created to an NAN chatbot backend so we can eventually get this up and running for real on a true domain. So I'm inside of NADN right now and let's build this super simple chatbot. So we want a web hook. We want it respond to be respond to web hook node. So it should look just like this. We need to hook it up to a basic LLM chain, right? Because we're just creating a simple chatbot interface here. We will leave this all the same. For the model, we're just going to do 4.1 mini. And then for the web hook, we'll do Whoops, wrong web hook. We will do um respond to web hook. So, how will this all work? I will give it a message inside of this web page. That message will flow to this web hook. That message then goes to the large language model which generates a response. That response then goes to this web hook which then appears back on our web app. Right? A very simple web app chatbot application that we're building. So what do we need for this to actually work? Well, we need some web hook information, right? I need to set this to production ideally and I need to copy this. So, we're going to copy this web hook and we're going to save this and we're also going to set this to active. So, we need the web hook information which we got. What else do we need? Well, we need some sort of internet connection, right? Because right now this is locally hosted. This is just running on our computer. It's not exposed to the internet at all. Do we need to get a domain right now and then put it on a website to have it working like that? No. We can actually use what's called a Python HTTP server to essentially simulate that. That way we can actually send a response out to Nadn and get a response back. So we're going to give all that information to cloud code. Now we're going to say, hey, we want to implement the nadn stuff. Here is the get web hook and we're going to paste the URL. And then we're going to say to test this, can we use some sort of Python HTTP server? Now what you're probably asking is like, well Chase, I had no idea about the Python HTTP server. How was I even going to do do that if I was doing this on my own? Well, that's where you would have just asked Claude Code like, hey, I want to test this, but I'm on local host. what should I do? It would have given you that exact same answer. So, we're going to make sure we're on plan mode. And before we go to plan mode, I actually want you to do /model. And I want to go over this real quick. So, I probably should have mentioned this earlier, but if you do the /model command, you can see the different models you can use. We have default, which is sonnet 4. We have opus, and then we have opus plan mode. So, opus and opus plan mode are only available if you're on the max plan, right? The $100 or $200 a month plan. If you're just on the normal pro, you'll only see default. All right, that's okay. Now, if you are on the max plan, I suggest that you use Opus plan mode. So, that means when you do any of the planning stages, it's going to use the powerful Opus model. But when it comes to actually executing the changes, it's going to use sonnet. This gives us a nice kind of balance between using the really powerful stuff to do highle strategy and using the quicker, cheaper model to actually execute things on the ground. So, just know that. Now, with that being said, let's give it the prompt. So, I wrote, I want to now integrate the NAND web hook stuff. We are still locally hosted, so we should set up a Python HTTP server to test this out. The NAND web hook is get and then I pasted the rest of the web hook and hit enter. So, here's the plan. It's giving us. It's going to create that Python HTTP server. It's going to integrate the web hook changes. That way, we can actually test it for real and get information to NADN and get responses back. So, I'm going to tell it yes, I'd like to proceed. As it goes through this, it's going to ask for permission for different Python commands, Bash commands. Go ahead and accept those. Okay, Cloud Code finished up, and it gave us a local server to test this on, right, localhost 8000. So, I'm just going to control-click this link. And that brings us here. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to give it a test message. And it's not going to work at first, which is totally okay because we're going to have to change some things on the NAN side. We said, hey, what's up? And hey, even look at that. that says web hook call successful but no response data received. Actually exactly what happened. So what I want you to do now is go back into n. We're going to go to executions and you'll see we just got an error here. But this again is totally expected. So I'm going to hit debug and editor. And so what happened here? Well, what happened was everything was working on our kind of clawed code side. We click on the web hook. We can see a bunch of information was passed, but we got stuck here at the basic LLM chain because we hadn't properly configured this yet in terms of the source for the prompt. And if you've ever done work with lovable and nen, you know this is kind of the expected workflow. So, we're just going to go to define below and I'm going to go down to prompt. And you see here on the bottom left where it says message, hey, what's up? We're just going to put that in here. Now, it's going to know going forward what everything should look like. So while I'm here though, I'm going to do execute step and this is going to give us the response. So if I then go to respond to web hook, I'm going to do execute step as well. And this is the response that from now on is going to be sent to um our server. So, let's go ahead and copy this. Go back into Cloud Code. And we're just going to say, just as a heads up, expect JSON responses from Naden to look like this. And I paste that in there. So, what have I done? I've said, hey, like everything's working on our end. Just know that when Naden responds to you, this is what the responses are going to look like. And it needs to know what the responses are looking like so it can then parse them properly and display it properly on this, you know, terminal web page that we've been playing around with, right? And that sort of like back and forth just making sure everything aligns on both n and clawed code is something you should be very familiar with if if you use level at all. Right? Same idea. It says it's been updated. So let's try again. We're just going to refresh this and then let's send our message. Hey, what's up? And we can kind of fix these random things coming in. Um, says call successful. No response data received again. H well again. Let's take a look at our executions and see what happened. So, we got an error here. And what happened? Well, what happened was your boy didn't save the changes he made. So, let's just go back to editor. Going to hit save. Come back in. refresh and same process. Hey, what's up? We're going to have to change all this. Um, but hey, we got a response. Hey, not much. Just here in case you need help. Cool. So, now we know the basic part of this is working. What I'm actually going to do here though is I'm just going to screenshot all this and I'm going to tell Claude Code like, can we get rid of all this stuff that is at the beginning? That might be like a chat history, but I don't really like it. So, we're going to change it. So, I just put in the image says looks like it's working, but we get all these old messages populating. I open the page. Can we change that? But big picture, right, the base functionality of I talk to the web page, our ugly terminal web page, and it goes to nadn gets response and brings it back is working, which is awesome, right? That's claude code in action, and we got it working from ground zero all the way from installation pretty quickly in the grand scheme of things. So now the next question you should have is, okay, sweet Chase, it's working in our local environment. How can I get this on the web in a secure fashion? And the secure fashion is important because right now we have certain things exposed, right? Namely like the web hook, right? Someone can actually see that in our code. How do we do all that? Well, that answer is going to come in two parts. The first part is GitHub and the second part is Verscell. Now, GitHub and Versell are essentially two sides of the same coin. With GitHub, we are going to be able to take the code that we've been building and we're going to be able to push it essentially to the cloud as a repository. With Versel, we are then going to be able to take that code that we've uploaded to GitHub and turn that in to an actual website, a domain. We're actually going to put it into production. Right? So the part of the workflow we're in now in terms of like vibe coding is we're going from local testing and making sure things work at a very base level and now we're starting to move into deployment and really when it comes to GitHub and Verscell into CI/CD which is continuous integration continuous deployment I'll explain that later. So here's what you are going to do now. You are going to go to github.com and you're going to create a new account. Once you create a new account, you're then going to create a new repository. So you see here on the left where it says repository. You're going to hit new. You're going to give the repository a name. We're going to call this claude code test. Description can just be test. For visibility, keep it public. Read me. You can put off. Add get ignore. Do no get ignore. No license. Make sure you choose an owner. And then you're going to create the repository. Once you get to this page, just leave it as is because next thing I want you to do is go to verscell.com. Once you're at versell.com, I want you to sign up using your GitHub credentials, right? This will connect your GitHub and your Verscell, which is really important so that we can properly deploy the code that we've been building. Again, you can do this all on the free tier. And what I need from you now once we're in Verscell is come to the top right. I want you to go to account settings. I want you to go to tokens and I want you to create a token name. give it a scope and give it an expiration. So, this is going to be CC test scope. I'm going to give it um full account scope for me and expiration. We're just going to do 7 days. You could have this be as long as you want. I then want you to create it. Once it's created, have this page still up because you're going to need to give it to Claude Code in a second. So, coming back to Claude Code now, let's go over what is about to happen. So, like I said before, the code is working. We just need to make some changes before we actually push it to production. And to push it to production, we need to a take all this code and send it to GitHub. And then once it's at GitHub, Verscell is going to recognize it and say, "Hey, he's updated his repository. Let's push that to the website." And once that occurs, you'll actually have this terminal thing we've been building out there online for real. Now, the security thing I've been talking about is stuff like the web hook in this case. But if you're building a more complex application, that's going to include things like API keys, right? We can hardcode them here when we're in the testing phase just to make sure it works. But in reality, we want when we want to push these things to production, that's a no-go. We cannot do that. But cloud code can save us, right? And so what you always want to do when you go from a local testing environment to a public testing environment is you want to ask cloud code, hey, am I missing anything security-wise? Cuz like we've talked about before, you don't know what you don't know. But what you can do is ask it, what don't I know about security? What am I missing here? And what do we need to change before we push this to GitHub and we make this live, right? And it's going to tell you and it's going to make those things happen automatically. So what will the prompt be? Well, first of all, I'm in plan mode and I said, I want to push this to GitHub and then deploy it via Verscell. I want to make sure we have no exposed web hooks or API keys. I can give you the GitHub repo link as well as my Verscell token to set up any environment variables. What else do you need to make this work, right? And that last sentence is important because it kind of covers our ass in case we forgot anything. So, just going to hit enter and we'll have it create the plan for us. So, I know I'm stressing the security stuff a lot, but it is really important, especially if you push anything online and anybody can access it. So, make sure you ask Claude. Make sure you get your cursor AI second opinion on things to make sure nothing's slipping through the cracks. And also, there actually is a slash command for this. If you do slash security review, cloud will also go through the project that way. So, here's a deployment plan it came up with. It recognized the web hook URL is currently hardcoded. It's going to change that. It's going to create environmental configurations. It's going to modify the JavaScript. that's going to prepare for GitHub set up for cell deployment and then do proper documentation. So it also tells us hey here's the two things that I need from you. I need the GitHub repository URL and I need the P for cell token. Okay so what we're going to do is we are going to actually have a key planning and we're going to pass it those things first. So I'm going to say no key planning. I like this so far here. is the GitHub repo. And I want you to pull this back up. Go to your GitHub repo and just copy the URL. And then I said the Verscell token is we're going to go to Verscell. We're going to copy this back inside. Paste it. Hit enter. So once we gave it those things, it gave us one last overview of the plan. I like it. We're going to have it proceed. Now again, it's probably going to ask you things like, hey, we need to install this Verscell package. It's like command line interface thing. Hey, we need to install certain GitHub things. You can go ahead and allow that. And again, if you're ever like, uh, I don't know. Should I allow this, get your second opinion, right? Make sure the other AIS sign off on what this guy is doing. So, while this is running through everything, let me talk real quick about the CI/CD thing I talked about earlier. Continuous integration, continuous deployment. So, the way it works is anytime I push changes to GitHub, and remember, if I'm pushing a change to GitHub, I'm essentially telling GitHub, okay, this is the code I've been working on. I really like it and I want it to go live. But GitHub isn't a place that we create a domain from or like put into production per se, right? Instead, Verscell does that for us. And so Versell is always connected to our GitHub account and it's looking at it like, okay, has there been a new push? Anytime something new is pushed, that gives Versell the thumbs up to be like, okay, create a new deployment. So it uses the new code that's been added to create the new website and the new update which means we can do everything from here from inside of our terminal inside of cursor. I don't have to go to GitHub. I don't have to go for cell. I don't have to do anything manually. I can have it keep running and updating as much as I want all automatically from one place which is super powerful. And again if you have no background in this stuff before I know a lot of it just seems like it's coming at you super fast and kind of flying over your head. That's okay. One of the most important things that you should be doing as all this is happening is also asking claude code why are you doing it this way? Like can you explain this to me? Can you explain it simply, more simply, more more simply, right? Like you need to be really curious when it comes to this stuff, especially if this isn't your normal space. Even though we're vibe coding, it's on you to understand what's happening. Again, you don't need to understand what's exactly going on in terms of the code, but you do need a highlevel view of what's happening or else how can you tell it where you want to go, right? Always remember that. All right, so it says it's finished and it gave us both the URL for the actual app as well as the GitHub. So, let's first take a look at the GitHub. Just control-click that link and it's going to take us to here. This is the repository for our Claude code test, right? This is where all our code is living and this is the code that the actual website is based upon. And so everything we've been working on for the most part is here, including this read me. Again, AI created all this. That kind of gives us a breakdown of what it just created, what the text stack is, the project structure, right? All of this, and it's pretty in-depth. Now, if we go back here, let's take a look at the actual website and see if it actually worked. So, open it up. 404 deployment not found. That's okay. Let's see what happened. So, we're going to head back to Verscell. We're going to go to the top right. We're going to go to dashboard. And we're going to take a look at the one that we just created. So we had cloud code test right here. And you can see it gives us the error. So we're just going to click here on the error. We are going to copy this error. You're just going to click this right here. We're going to go back into cloud code and we're going to just say, hey, we got an error with the cell deployment. This is what it said. Paste it in there. And we're also going to put it on plan mode. And you know, I'm actually kind of glad this didn't work at the first try because this is the sort of back and forth you're going to have to get used to when it comes to creating AI apps, especially at the beginning. It's very rare you're able to oneshot something and it works perfectly every single time. This sort of back and forth workflow, just kind of needs to be your expectation. So, it says it found the error, gives us a plan, and we're going to have it just go to work. So, it says it fixed the error. Now, remember, if we want to push this live, what do we need to do? we need to push the change to GitHub. Tell it to push the change to GitHub and that will automatically change the deployment itself. So, I'm just going to say um push this change to GitHub and it's going to go ahead and do it. So, um if nothing else, you're starting to kind of figure out and see, all right, here's how the whole GitHub thing works in action. GitHub and then Git in particular, we're not going to dive in too deep on this lesson, right? Like what is Git, what are branches? We'll save that for a later one. just know it's important and for now just understand you need to be pushing stuff to GitHub when you want it to go live and apparently it already pushed the change to GitHub. So let's take a look at Verscell and see what actually happened. So I'm back here in Verscell on that deployment. Let's go back our projects cloud code test and I can look at where's the deployments again? What am I doing? Okay, if I go to the top left, go to deployments, we can see that we just had a new deployment 11 seconds ago. says it's current. I can click on this guy and it looks like it's working. So, let's click on the UI and here it is. So, here's the update. Now, let's see if it really does work. Hey, what's up? Moment of truth. Hey, got a response. Now, is this response real? Is this fake? Well, let's go into NAN. Click on our executions and yep, real response. Response was, "Hey, not much. Ready to help." And the response here, "Hey, not much. Ready to help." Sick. We got it working. Now, from this point forward, if you wanted to make more changes to that web app, but you didn't want to affect the deployment itself, you could do local testing. Again, you just go to Cloud Code, tell it, "Hey, I want to change some things using the code we have, but in a local environment, so I don't mess with the deployment itself." And it'd be able to help you do just that. So that's the video guys. I could have probably kept going for another like five hours because this stuff is obviously very deep. But we did cover quite a bit, right? Everything from how to install cloud code, how to do the planning mode, how your general workflow should be with cloud code, including sub aents all the way to like a real life demo of connecting it to an end backend and deploying it via both GitHub and Verscell to have a true like CI/CD pipeline, right? Tons of cool stuff. And again, I'm sure you're very confused, right? If this is still your first, you know, kind of visit to the vibe coding, low code space in in this sort of um context. But I promise you, it gets easier. Really lean heavily on AI to help explain things to you. And most importantly, remember the mindset. You're not a software developer. You're not. Don't let anyone tell you differently or tell you that you need to become one. You need to adopt the mindset of a product manager, right? Remember, you're focused on outcomes. You're focused on features. Let the AI do what it's best at, right? And in the meantime, you give it context and you direct it. And as always, make sure you check out the school. Tons of resources in the free one. Obviously, the paid one is kind of a step up, especially when it comes to creating your own AI agency and making money with all this. And let me know in the comments what you thought, what I definitely missed, because I'm sure there was something. and I will see you guys

=== The Ultimate Nano Banana Marketing Guide (Full Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNr5BKuqGEM

The AI content creation game has completely changed over the last few weeks with the release of Nano Banana. But the truth is people are using these new tools completely wrong and I have no clue what sort of steps they need to take to actually create highquality AI generated marketing material. In this video, we're going to solve that problem as I give you my personal framework for creating highquality AI ads. We're going to go through what tools you need to use, how to create assets from scratch, how to actually use Nano Banana so you get outputs that don't look like bad Photoshop edits, what video platforms are best, when they're the best, because it depends on the nature of the video you're creating, and at the end, we're even going to talk about how automation plays into all this. So, if you're someone who wants to learn how to leverage AI in the content space, then this video is for you. So, with that, let's jump into it. So, for today's case study, we're going to be looking at Chase AI Coffee, the new coffee shop that I've clearly opened because we no longer do AI education. And there's me right there. I'm going to show you how we created these models, how we put our branding, everything, so you can do this yourself, even if you have no assets of your own. We'll also be talking a lot about character consistency today, which is one of the biggest things that Nano Banana has brought us. But the most important thing we're going to go over is this AI marketing content workflow. And why is this so important? Well, this video does you no good if I just tell you tips, tricks, and gimmicks of how to get Nano Banana to work, right? Because these tools are only going to get better and better. And as they get better, we need frameworks to utilize them in, right? The tools will come and go. The frameworks are eternal. And that's what we need to focus on so that as these tools get better, so does our work. And the workflow is pretty simple when it comes to this AI generated advertising. The first step is a foundational image. And that's something we're going to create with either Midjourney, Nano Banana, Seed Dance, or Chat GBT. Once we have a base image, then we can go into editing that image to whatever we want. And for that, we're going to use Nano Banana or the recently released Cance 4.0. Lastly is the video piece. And we can use things like V3, MidJourney, or Hiluo for that. And which one we choose depends on the nature of the video. Is it going to require a lot of motion like we saw where we went from the cityscape down to the shop itself or is it more low motion like when the woman was just showing us the coffee cup? Those things matter and we're going to dive into all of them individually. So, step number one, foundational images. We need these like base assets that we can use in our final ads down the road. Now, this is going to change depending on what your particular advertisements or products are about. for us. Remember, we're creating a coffee shop. So, what are we going to need? Well, we need some sort of branding, right? Chase Aai Coffee. We need a storefront, right? What is this coffee shop going to look like? We're going to need some sort of model, either myself, like you saw in the video, or the woman we use, right? And we like to use character consistent models ideally, especially if you're using yourself, right? You don't want to look like some weird deformed person every single time. And then fourth, we need our product, which for us is simply going to be the coffee. Now, once we've identified what our foundational images are going to be, how do we actually create them? Well, it's a multi-step process. And the first thing you need to ask yourself, are there real world reference images that I would like to use? In our case, let's talk about the coffee shop storefront. There are obviously reference images I'd like to use, and that's what you see right here. So, just go on to Google and search to see if there's reference images whose style you like and would like to emulate. The next step is to take that reference image, drop it into your large language model of choice, and just give it a prompt that's saying, "Hey, give me a midjourney prompt for this image, be detailed, and tell it to ignore any text from the original image." Essentially, what we're trying to do is we're trying to create a prompt for midjourney or whichever one you end up using to recreate this reference image so that we can have sort of like a spiritual successor to whatever we found and like, but it's still wholly original for us. And so what we're going to do is we're going to take this prompt and we're going to head over to MidJourney. So if you've never used MidJourney before, it's just an image model website. They put out awesome content. It's 10 bucks a month and it's my favorite app for creating that foundational image. But if you must, you can also use things like Nano Banana or ChatGpt. So I'm just going to go to create and I'm going to drop my prompt in up here. Now this all came from ChatGpt. So I want to read it at least once and make sure it's what I want. Looks good to me. So we're going to have it create it. As this is working, let's actually take a look at what the other models made with a similar prompt. So, here's our four images with basically the same prompt. Up here on the top left is chatbt. Notice it's really dark. I don't love the aspect ratio and it's kind of got a strange filter on it. Top right up here is midjourney. Like I said, I really love the aesthetic they're able to use. And the bottom two are nano banana. Now, there's two of these because the first one came in at its 1:1 aspect ratio and the second one I had to do a little gimmick to get it to do 16x9. Now, I'll show you how to do that because if you've played around with Nano Banana at all, you've probably noticed this aspect ratio issue. We'll save that for later in the video, but this gives you kind of a comparison in the quality between these three image models. Now, here's a look what it created. Now, all these honestly look pretty cool, and like I said, MidJourney does have its own kind of unique aesthetic that I love. And so, ultimately up to you at this point, you would just pick the one you like. And for the rest of the video, we'll be using this one for MidJourney as our base image. Now, let's talk a little bit about branding because you can see it here on this one, right? We have the Chase AI coffee subtly in the windows. We have it on her apron. And you've seen it over on the coffee cups earlier in the video. Now, how did we create that? Well, honestly, this was really basic. Alls I did was go into Canva, went to design here on the left, and just looked for something I like and came up with this in like 2 minutes. Chances are, if you're doing this for real, you already have your own brand assets, which is perfect because just have them ready to go because that's what we're going to feed Nano Banana to actually create your brand images. But in a nutshell, that's how I did this. This took 90 seconds. So, we're starting to build out some of these foundational images, right? We have our coffee shop. We have our logo. Now, how about some sort of model that we're able to use? How did we make this girl up here? and also what can we do if we want to put ourselves into the images. Now the model that you see here was created in midjourney and I didn't even use any real world references for this. Alls I did is I put in a midjourney a prompt that basically says hey full body portrait beautiful young woman barista and then just had it talk about put it on like a plain background make it look photorealistic. And as for the prompt itself I just went to Gemini and had it create the prompt for me. Creating a model out of thin air is actually super easy because they've gotten really really good at creating photorealistic human beings. And to kind of give me a leg up when it came to doing like videos and more ads, I had her just hold a coffee cup, right? But what if you wanted to put yourself in there? What if you wanted a real world reference? Well, you're just going to do the same thing that we did with the previous image, right? You're going to take that reference image. You're going to go to chat GBT. You're going to upload the reference image and you're going to have it describe you. That's what I did with me. So you see the workflow occurring here inside of Midjourney. You can see all these different variations that it created of me. Some of these actually it's pretty close, right? And so what did I do? Well, I put the reference image inside of chat GPT, had it create a prompt about me, threw it into MidJourney, but with one difference than when when we created the storefront. The difference is I added an image and that's what you see. I just went up here top on the top left. I dropped in an image of me for omni reference and then you can just adjust the omni strength right here. Anything between 150, 125, 100 will get you something close. So it's taking an actual reference image of you combining it with the prompt you got from the LLM to create something like this. And this is something you can use also as your model for your ads. So the only thing left when it comes to a foundational image for us is coffee. But because that's so easy to create an ad in places, we don't have to go through a full workflow for that. But what do we have now? Well, we have the storefront, which is going to be the setting for all of the ads. We have a model so we can have character consistency throughout. And we have our branding. So, we've completed step one, which means we can now move off of MidJourney and go into Nano Banana and start actually doing some cool editing, combining all these things together, so we can get coherent pieces of marketing material that actually look good. So, this is where Nano Banana really shines, right? This is where we're going into that AI Photoshop using natural language space. But if you use Nano Banana for any amount of time, you know this is more difficult than it looks. Why? Because if I add these two images, right, our midjourney setting alongside our model and I say, "Hey, have her stand in the doorway." Let's take a look at what we actually get. Here's what we get. This sucks, right? It looks like somebody just like cut her out inside of Photoshop, slapped her on here, you know, didn't do any shading or anything. Like, this looks terrible, right? And this is what you're going to get when you first get started. How do we fix this? Well, there's a few different ways we can do it. When it comes to inserting people into settings, if you don't want it to do this weird cardboard cutout thing, what you want to do is you want to add some motion. You want to give them something to do, something different. So instead, we give it a prompt like this. Closeup of the woman standing in the doorway. She should be casually leaning against the side of the post, arms crossed, no longer holding a coffee. Camera should be eye level. Maintain consistent lighting and shadows. This little bit about maintaining consistent lighting and shadows is always a good thing to add, but really we're adding changes, right? They can't just cut this out. They need to move her. She needs to do something. And by changing it in such a drastic fashion, even though this isn't that drastic, it forces the model to give us something that looks a bit better. So, we're going to run it again. And this looks a lot better, right? Is this perfect? No. But the difference is stark, right? The lighting looks the same. She's actually kind of leaning up against the post and like you can work with this. This is a good place to start from, right? So, just by changing the prompt and by adding some motion, some changes from the original image, that's how you're able to get around this sort of nano bananaism of it just being like a cardboard cutout slapped in front of the first image. Now that we have this image that we kind of like, now let's work on adding the branding. So, what I like to do once I have an image that's been edited to something that we could work with, I'm just going to copy it. I'm going to open up a new chat. I'm going to dump it in there. And now I'll be like, "Hey, here's the branding. Let's take a look at it." So, I put the new image we created alongside the branding and gave it the prompt of add the CA coffee branding to the window. Should be subtle and look kind of like frosted glass. What's going to happen is it's going to give us a busted image when it comes to aspect ratio. Now, why is that? Well, look at the first image and the second image. The aspect ratio of the last image that's given to Nano Banana will be the aspect ratio of the final output. So, this output, notice how this is all messed up. Not to mention, this isn't exactly what we wanted. This got all screwed up. Now, if we reverse the order, right, I do the Let's bring this back in. I do the logo logo. And then I do the image. and I say add the branding. Add the branding to the windows. It will then give me a final image that's actually 16 by9 like we want. So if you're ever having issues with aspect ratios, that's how you change it. See, notice how the image now is properly ratioed. And this is an okay start with the uh branding, but it's as simple as uh make the branding more subtle slash see-through. And we just keep iterating and iterating. So what do we do if we want to now change the setting and see what's going on inside of this shop? Do we need to get reference images and do the whole midjourney flow from the beginning? Not exactly. All you have to do is give it the first image that you've created and just say, "Hey, I want to see the interior of this exact shop. Show me the inside. Chairs, tables, bars, whatever. And this is what we get, right? It even does a job. It even like reflects the branding that you see here. It's got kind of the same setup from the outside. Now, the inside looks a little more cramped than it was from the front, but we actually kind of have the same barista back here, and it does a really good job of character and setting consistency. Now, let's continue playing with this, and let's try to insert ourselves into this final image. So, now we're upping the game. Now, we're doing three reference images. I'm going to show you the problems that are going to occur with this and how we can actually fix them. So, I'm just going to give it a prompt of show the man sitting in the coffee shop with that pink laptop. Now, often times as you go to three, four, and max five reference images, it kind of falls apart in terms of quality. But how we can address this is using collages. So, here's the image it gave us. And we kind of got that like Photoshop cutout problem, right? This is the lighting doesn't look right. Like none of this looks right. This just looks like it copy pasted from these exact images and just threw it on there. So, how do we solve this issue? Well, we're going to use a collage. So, I'm inside of Canva right now on a blank 16x9 canvas and alls I've done is I've taken our three images and I've put it onto one 16x9 page. Now, you might be thinking, why does this matter? It's still three images. Well, for whatever reason, if you put more images into like one collage, you know, image, one plate, it actually handles it better. And we'll test it out using the same prompt. So, we gave it the collage, gave it a little more context on the prompt. Just told it we want them sitting in a chair. And look at the difference. Way better. The lighting is much more consistent. Although, I would like it to be a little brighter. But we also have the branding on the windows, right? It's a little faded out. We still got the pink laptop. we were able to solve the problem of like multiple reference images that Nano Banana runs into. And from here, since we have a single image, we could begin slapping our branding all over the place. And now we should start clicking how we're able to create all these branded images that we can then turn into advertisements. We start with the base image. Right here, we have the model and we have the coffee shop. From there, we throw it into Nano Banana. We tweak the prompt until we get what we want. And then we go ahead and we throw our branding everywhere we need to. And once we have enough images like this, then we can go into the video creation piece. So like I talked about before, we have three video platforms we can use. VO3, MidJourney, and Hilu. And they should all be used for different types of videos. Now, I like MidJourney for videos like this. They're simple, low motion, and they're not very dynamic. And they're very simple to create. You're just going to go to create up here and we're just going to add both a starting frame and an ending frame up top. So I have a starting frame which is simply the woman holding the coffee cup. The ending frame is that same woman and now she's just holding the coffee cup but it has our branding on it. And remember this was a base image we created in Midjourney and we created this image in Nano Banana. We just took the base one, told it, hey, have the woman holding the coffee cup out in front of her. Have her kind of fade it in the background and then put the branding on the coffee cup. From there, you just give it a prompt that says, "Slowly zoom in as the woman shows you the coffee cup, and you get stuff like this." Right? Super easy. Now, this is a VO3 video, and these are great if you want some sort of audio. >> Come on in. Let's get started. >> Right? The quality tends to be pretty good, but we're a little limited when it comes to VO3 because we can only use a starting frame. So, if I come down here where it says frames to video, I can only do the first frame. I can't give it an ending frame like you saw in Midjourney, which means we're kind of limited with our creative control. But if you just have a starting image and you want some voice, go with VO3. Now, last on the list is Hilu. Now, Hilu is similar to midjourney where we can give it a beginning and end frame and it does a really good job if we have something that's more dynamic, right? Like look at the amount of motion that's going on here. Is the quality perfect? No, cuz they're actually running uh the free tier, so it's only like 760p or something weird. But again, very high dynamism. If I tried to do this in VO3, if I try to do this mid journey, it wouldn't look nearly as good. And actually right now Hilu's is running some sort of special where you get like unlimited image to video um creations as you want. You can do frame to frame. So the frame to frame is really easy honestly. You just go image to video and you just upload some frames. So if I do the start frame um like this at the beginning and I do an end frame, that's totally different, right? It's me sitting there. I just give it a prompt of how I want it to go from first frame to the last frame. And you see that over here on the right. Obviously, I use chat GBT and Gemini to do that and it will create the in-between video and like you saw it's pretty good. And so to summarize the video platforms real quick, if you want frame at the beginning, frame at the end, and it's very dynamic, use Hilu. If you want frame at the beginning, frame at the end, but it's kind of simple, it's not super crazy with the motion, go with midjourney. And if you want high quality video with audio, and you're okay with just a starting frame, go with V3. And so bringing it all back, you can kind of see now how we go from that starting foundational image to the stills and then use those stills both as a beginning frame and an ending frame to create videos, to create marketing material that you can actually use in the real world. And the best part about all this is, as you saw, is you can do this with zero assets at the beginning, right? If you have nothing, no branding, product, settings, anything that exists, you can have AI generate it for you. if you can just find some inspiration out there online. Now, the last thing I want to talk about was automation and where this plays into all this. If you've seen some of my previous videos, I'll link them above. You know that we've created an entire like ecosystem for just blasting out still ads and videos based on sort of these nano banana principles we've already talked about. Now, where can we put this in sort of this workflow we've created? Cuz what we've talked about so far is very, very hands-on creating all this. But I believe there is room for automation here. And that room is when we have some sort of still image like any of these and then coming up with another 10, 20, 50, 100 variations of these images, essentially taking like a shotgun blast approach to give us some more material to work with because sometimes it is hard if it's all on us to come up with every single, you know, piece of marketing material. All the ideation relies on us. If you use something like this, we can instead have AI, you know, do all sorts of stuff when it comes to the prompt. And with a click of a button, we can easily create 50 versions of those ads, 100 versions of those ads. And once we find those that we like, we can then go back to our hands-on workflow and start like going through the minutia, like doing the small edits by hand. So, just kind of wanted to talk about that because I think it's important not to forget the automation because there is places that it can still give us a ton of value when it comes to AI content creation. So, that's pretty much it, guys. I know we covered a ton of this lesson. There's a bunch of resources in my school for free, including the whole nano banana automation I just touched on. So, make sure you check that out. And as always, I'll see you

=== Create Viral AI Videos With Nano Banana & Veo 3 (for FREE!) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OH7tuqh7KA

I'm going to show you how to combine the power of Nano Banana and VO3 to create viral videos just like this. >> And I'm going to teach you how to do it completely for free. So there are four main tools that we are going to be using to create these sort of effects. And that's V3, V2, Nano Banana, and Cap Cut. All these can be accessed for free. And right away, I know what you're saying. Chase, you can't use V3 for free. I know you have to pay for it. Well, you're actually wrong. And I'm going to show you a workaround of how you can get up to 50 generations a month for free using V3. And we're going to go over that at the end of the video. But for this first half, I'm going to take you through the workflow so you know exactly how to recreate everything you saw in the intro. So, like I said, we got four tools and let me show you what each tool is doing before we actually get into Nano Banana and V3 and execute this ourselves. So, we are inside of Cap Cut and we're actually looking at the very video you're watching now. And like you saw in the intro, there were a few different scenes right at the beginning. We had me. This is just me being recorded in the camera. No editing. We then had Banana Boy, Iceman, astronaut, and then our steampunk robot. All four of those images, right? The astronaut, the robot, the banana. These were all used and created using nano banana, right? So, what did I do? Well, I took a still image like this, fed it to Nano Banana, and said, "Hey, turn this guy into a robot banana." And this is where you see the power of Gemini's new image model, right? The character consistency that kind of looks like me. And that background definitely looks the same as this one, right? It's virtually identical. And that character consistency, even when we're doing something that's completely out of the ordinary, like totally replacing with this robot, is something you would have had a lot of trouble doing just a couple weeks ago. This is where Nano Banana shines. Now, where does V3 come in? Well, it obviously comes in in the video creation phase, right? We give it a still image that we made in Nano Banana and we have it animate it and say something that we want. Now, where does V2 come in? Well, V2 comes in with this transition because V2 and also midjourney, and I'll show you how to do that if you're willing to pay some dollars, allows us to give it a frame to frame transition. So, I can give it a first frame like this. I can give it a last frame like this and say, "Hey, animate some sort of transition." V3 doesn't allow us to do that yet, which is why we're going to be using V2 for our free option. But, it gives us the ability to do these cool transitions like this that we otherwise couldn't. And we didn't do that when we did these quick cuts between, you know, banana, iceman, astronaut. So that's what we're going to be looking at today. And now let me show you how it works from the very beginning using nano banana. So let's focus on the transition part. This is where I have some clip and I want to turn into something or someone else, right? I want to go from here into that steampunk robot you saw. So what I need to do is I need to get a still frame at the point of transition, which is what you see right here. And so inside of Cap Cut, I'm just going to come up to the top right, go to export still frame, and we'll call this example. And I'm going to download that. Next, we go to Gemini. This is where we're going to be able to use Nana Banana. I'm going to come down to tools and go to create images. There's other places you can get Nano Banana at. You can go to LM Arena and do it. You can also go to the AI studio from Gemini. I'll put links to all those down below. Now, all you have to do is describe your image. So, alls I wrote was turn the man into an evil steampunk robot and let it go to work. Without even telling it, it should already know that I want the background to stay exactly the same. I just wanted to change the main character. And here we go. Did a pretty good job. Kept the background exactly the same. It's got my plant, my little flight helmet in the back, but now we got a robot on the microphone. So now all I'm going to do is I'm going to download this image and we're going to head over to V3. So now we're going to go to Google Labs Flow application to access VO3. Again, I'll show you at the end of how to get all this for free. But to make our video, we're going to go to frames to video. We're then going to upload the image that we just created in Nano Banana. Crop and save. So once you upload your image, just give it the prompt. Tell it what you want it to say, what you want the video to look like. I'm just having it slowly zoom in. Repeat the same thing it did in the intro and to also give the robot a deep foroding voice. I'm using VO3 fast for this. And we'll have it go to work. So our video is done. Let's see how it sounds. and I'm going to teach you how to do it completely for free. >> Okay, so not a bad start. We could tweak this prompt some more if we were going for a different kind of vibe, but this will do for now. So, when it comes time to actually download it, you're going to want to just hit this button here. And then you want it to upscale because like you just saw when we had it zoomed in all the way, it was only at 720p and we want minimum 1080p for our videos. So, just give it a few minutes while it upscales. Once this finishes, you'll get a little notification up here on the right where you can download it. All right, once it finishes upscaling, just hit download. Then we just come to Cap Cut, drop that video back in, and then pull it into the frame. So, what we have here now is just a quick cut. And this is what you saw when we were doing like me turning into the banana at the beginning of the video, right? But how do we do that cool transition so it's not just as abrupt and sudden as this? Well, let me show you. First of all, right, we're going to need to kind of like split up these clips. And what I want you to do is I want you to again get some still images. We're going to get the final still image from the first scene where you're fully human. And then we're going to get a still image or a still frame from the first part of this robot video. So again, to do that, come up here to the right, go to export still frames, and then we'll just call this, you know, example two. And then same thing over here, export still frame example three. So once you do that, you're going to come back into V3 and we're going to upload both of those images. So once you've uploaded those videos, you're going to come down here to the bottom and make sure the first frame is the first frame is use a person and that second frame is our robot. Now unfortunately, you know, V3 doesn't let us do this frame to frame. So we have to go to V2. So for the prompt I just wrote, have the man turn into the steampunk robot. Parts of the robot should slide into place smoothly and quickly as the transformation occurs. Now, while this is happening using V2, I'm going to show you how to do this the better way, but it does cost money using MidJourney. So, here I'm inside of Midjourney, and I would put it kind of as 1A and 1B with Nano Banana. When it comes to AI image generation, I think Midjourney is actually better when it comes to creating images from scratch. In terms of doing character consistency and like Photoshop style edits like we've been doing so far, Nano Banana is better. But having them both in your back pocket is great when you're creating AI stuff like we are. And so inside of MidJourney, we're going to go through the same flow we did with V2. We're going to go create here on the left. You're going to come up here. You're going to give it the same prompt. We're going to go to add images and we're going to upload our images. We're going to give it a starting frame and an ending frame. So we have our starting frame. We have our ending frame. You can change some of the preferences here if you want. This is just fine. standard two videos and it'll be in SD to start and then you're just going to have it go, right? And just like V2, we're going to wait. And so while we're waiting for midjourney, let's take a look at what V2 did for us. So actually pretty good. Um, this is better than you sometimes get with V2 since it's an older model, but that's actually pretty impressive. And you need to remember when it comes time to actually put it inside the video, we're going to be speeding it up significantly. So any like weird errors aren't too much of a problem. And again, same thing with video 3. We're going to upscale this to 1080p and download it that way. So hopping back into MidJourney here at the top, we see the two videos it created for us. It always gives you at least two. You can opt for one, but it's nice to have two to kind of have a side-by-side comparison. Now, to be totally honest, I kind of like the VO3 one better, but if MidJourney had one that you liked, all you have to do is click on the video, come up here to the top right where it says um download video for social media, and that's how you get it. So, once your video finishes downloading, you're going to go back into Cap Cut, bring it in, and insert it in between the two clips that we were working with before. Remember, we had the clip of us as a person, and then we had the actual talking clip of the robot. And so in between we now have that transition video. Now what you want to do is we want to speed this transition up because nobody wants to sit here as this animation finishes. So all we're going to do is we're going to click on this and we'll go to speed on the top right and we're just going to turn the speed up like crazy, right? Like three times, four times. Realistically, you want this video, this transition video to be like 1 second. And then from there, it's just a matter of playing with it until I get sort of the speed I like. So something like this seems pretty good. And if I just throw some, you know, music behind this or some sound effects, I think this would be all right. And so to find sound effects, all we're going to do is we're come up to the top and go to audio. And then you can kind of just search for sound effects that you think might make sense. So I'm just going to look for like steam or whatever. You could even go outside and just find any sort of audio clips from online and bring it into Cap Cut and fill it in as well. So, we have this kind of steam audio right here. And I'm just going to put it directly below this transition clip. And just like how we up the speed on the transition, I can also up the speed on the audio as well. So, same thing. Click on the audio clip, go to speed, you know, kind of speed it up and then have it match what's going on in that video, right? And so, now let's kind of test it out just like this. and I'm going to teach you how to do it completely for free. >> So, at the beginning, the robot almost like stutters, so I cut that out. And I also wanted to add something else to the sound cuz I think steam just wasn't enough. So, I'm also going to drag down some sort of just like metal grading sound and see how that works. Just like this. >> And I'm going to teach you how to do it completely for free. >> So, I think that's pretty good. We can continue adjust it as we want. But what you just saw from beginning to end was how we create these sort of transition videos using VO3, V2, Nano Banana, and free editing software like Cap Cut. And so if you want to continue down the path creating more cuts and images like this, you see how simple it is. Take the original image, go to Nano Banana, have it edit the image, take that image to V3, and have it animate the clip for you. That simple. So, for this last part of the video, as promised, I'm going to show you how to get access to VO3 for free. And so, to do that, it's pretty easy. We're just going to go to the Google AI Pro signup page and go to get started. You get a whole month for free. You can cancel before the month ends, not get charged anything. And if you have a student email, right, you're a college student, you can get Pro completely free for an entire year. Now, you do have to provide a credit card once you hit get started, but again, you can cancel immediately and you're never charged. So, you're just going to give them your email. Once you sign in, we'll do get Google AI Pro. And then you're just going to add some sort of payment method. Now, to cancel it, just go to the Google Play subscription page. Just Google Google Play subscription page. Go to manage. Go to cancel sub. Cancel the subscription. Now, you still have your month of VO3 for free. So, there you have it. That's how you create these viral AI videos using the best AI image generators out there without spending a dime. These sorts of videos are a ton of fun to make. And while we were more on kind of the creative side today, I hope you can see very easily what sort of marketing and more commercial applications this sort of stuff can have. So, love to see the kind of things you create. Let me know what you thought about this in the comments. And as always, I'll see you

=== The Ultimate AI Content Engine (Nano Banana + Veo3 + n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1im1u9Bjah8

I'm going to show you an AI automation that combines the power of Nano Banana, NADN, Air Table, and VO3 to create a content machine that can take any one image and turn it into hundreds of ads. In my last video, we focused on creating ads that were still images. But in today's lesson, we're going to be adding the power of V3 to the mix so that you can create video marketing material. And with this automation, you're going to be able to do this at scale in a way you were never able to do before. So, with that, let's dive into it. So, here's our Naden backend that's going to be running the show behind the scenes for this automation. Now, really quickly, I mentioned in the intro that we are building upon what we created in my previous video. I'm going to link it above right now. Make sure you watch it if you haven't because in that video, I go in depth on this whole middle portion of the automation. I go module by module, line by line, show you what you need to edit and change to make this yours. I also go through the entire Air Table setup so you can get this up and running. Turning one image into hundreds of ads with a click of a button. And as always, I give you the template for free, right? Just go down to the comments, check out the free school, you can download the template, upload it. That way, you can follow along and not get lost. So, for today, we're going to be focused here on the VO3 workflow because remember previously we had a single image, could be image of anything, your dog, your cat, whatever. And we turned it into hundreds of still ads, right? That's what we were doing here in Air Table. All these nano image ads, those are ads that all came from one image. Now, out of all these images, you could have made hundreds. There's probably a few that you want to turn into videos, right? We want to step up the marketing game. And this is what today's lesson is all about. And that's what this workflow does. Once we decide what images we want to turn into videos, we just click another button and it's going to go through this workflow. And in just a couple minutes, it'll populate inside of Air Table. Now, how does it do that? Well, let's say we have an image like this guy, right? We started with an Aston Martin car and it created this ad. Alls I have to do is come over here to the right, give it a prompt, and then just click create video. And then the video will be automatically created and dropped back here into Air Table. Pretty cool, really easy. And again, everything is in one place. We can even take images like this one that I didn't even create using our original Nano Banana pipeline, but just drop it into Air Table. Do the same thing. give it a prompt and it'll create really good videos just like this. So, I'm really excited about this lesson and right now what we're going to do is we are going to dive into the NAN side and I'm going to show you how everything works step by step. So, first things first, the web hook, right? Just like we did before. This is all started by us just pressing a button inside of Air Table. And so to get that working, what you need to do is you need to go to production URL. Copy this. Go back into the nano banana air table. I want you to edit field on the create video section. And you see over here where it has the web hook, you're just going to copy paste yours in there, just like you did before. Super easy. That way when you click this, the automation just starts working right away. From there, we're getting the image URL. So that's what's happening here. There's nothing you should really change here. Just make sure right like your base and your table are all all set up accordingly. And so what it's doing is it's grabbing the image URL from nano image right. So what is the URL for this? That's what it's getting. So now here's the cool part. So next it goes into a prompt optimizer. So we're using Gemini for this. And so what we're doing is it'll actually be easier if I look at some executions um from recently. So I'll copy to editor unpin. So what this prompt optimizer is doing is it's taking the prompt that you put inside of Air Table and the image to optimize your prompt. So for example, this image, right? We're feeding the prompt optimizer the image and this crappy prompt that you probably gave it. Right? In this prompt, I said have the car in motion quickly driving past a text overlay and have a man driving the car. Chances are your prompt might even be worse than that. You might just say something like animated and the car goes fast, right? But we want to do better than that. And that's what this module does. So we're feeding Gemini the image and the prompt and telling it, hey, be smart and take those two inputs and come up with a better output. And you can actually see what it gave us here, right? All of this is the new prompt. And it goes into a lot more detail than I did, right? Primary subject animation, you know, environmental and background animation, right? That's like several paragraphs smashed into one. and the output means and that gives us an output that's just a lot better. So that's what's happening here in the prompt optimizer. From there, we then send it to V3 and we're sending it to VO3 via Kai.ai. Now to get to Kai, I put a link inside the template. You just click here and this will bring you to Kai AI. Now you need to create an account and you need to add some credits. Add like five bucks because each VO3 fast video is 40. Now once you create your account, we're going to need your API key. So come up to the right, go to dashboard. Then down on the left, go to API key. And now I want you just to create a new API key. Right? You'll create a new API key. Call it whatever. Copy it because we now need to connect your Kai AI account. So you'll come inside of here. You're going to do general credential type header off Kai.ai. And then it's going to be name will be authorization. And then value. What you're going to do is you're going to do bearer. Whoops. you're going to do bearer. So, capital B be bare space and then paste your API key there. That's what it should look like. Then go to fixed save and you'll be connected. Next, let's take a look at what we're actually passing here. So, we're passing to we're passing in a few things. One, we're passing the prompt, and that's the updated prompt we got from the prompt optimizer. We're passing the image URL, and then we're passing this callback URL, and that's coming from the follow-on weight node. Basically, that's just allowing us to send that request over to Kai AI saying, "Hey, make our video for us and then the automation won't continue until it gets it back, right? It just simplifies the process for us." And there's nothing you should really have to touch here unless you want to play around with like the aspect ratio. So, this happens. It goes to the weight node. Again, nothing you should really have to change here. Then, what we're doing is we're downloading the video. So, we're just putting in the URL here. Again, you shouldn't have to change anything. We move this back to base 64. And this is just has to do with some of the idiosyncrasies of using air table to upload images there. Right? Remember, we can't use an air table module to upload a video or upload an image. We have to do it manually the oldfashioned way with an HTTP request. So that's why we have this here. Don't need to touch anything. And then you have your air table upload module. Now there is stuff you have to change here. Okay, just like before. What do you need to change? Well, you need to change this. So, this is coming from Air Table itself. If I go to Air Table, you see where it says, you know, app 60DZ, whatever. This highlighted part up here in the actual URL, you need to copy that. Come back in here and paste it in there. All right. So, change that. Nothing else you should have to change. This VO3 video, this is the name of the column here that it's going to populate. If you change the name of that column, understand that you will need to change this as well. Again, same exact thing as last video when we did this with the images. And that's it. That's all it takes to actually get that image to become a video. So, you've seen the final outcomes. You've seen how it's working under the hood. Now, let's do it from beginning to end. Let's find one of these that we actually like, right? Um, sure. Some of these are corny. I mean, like the biggest thing about this whole automation is the fact like, hey, you kind of take a shotgun approach. I have one still image I like. Give me a thousand ads there. I just need a couple that are good that I can actually use in quote unquote production. So, um, this one's kind of cool. So, what should we do for our prompt? We'll just say, um, the car speeds along the desert and jumps a sandune car. That's an okay prompt, but obviously can do a lot better. But like I said, all I have to do now is hit video. The workflow started. And now we just wait. Now you can just sit here and it will automatically populate. Or what I suggest you do is you can just go back here into um NAN, go to executions, and you'll see it populate over here on the left when it gets started. Now, of note, because there's a wait um module here, and you can see it hits it right away. If you just sit here forever, it won't auto refresh. So after like a minute or two, you might want to refresh it to see if it went through or you can just go back here and see if it populates. So let's wait a second and we'll see what the final video looks like. All right, so it finished created our video. Let's take a look. Let's see if it actually jumps the dune. All right, not bad. And what I'm really interested is like what prompt did it also come up with, right? Because remember we uh had it run through the prompt analyzer or the prompt optimizer. So it's always interesting to see what AI comes up with because we were just like, "Hey, have it jump the dune." See where I'm on the right? Yeah, like way more detailed. Executes a powerful controlled landing, explosive spray of sand and dust, blah blah blah blah blah. And now remember like you can also edit these system prompts inside like the prompt optimizer as much as you want to get it working for whatever your particular niche is or whatever kind of feel you're going for. So that's pretty much it guys. In our last video we kind of built the foundation for this content machine that's powered by nano banana and nitn. And then today we went ahead and we added some of the video functionality and you saw how easy it is and you can kind of see the advantages of again having everything in air table. It's really easy to change things, mess around with multiple prompts instead of trying to run through Telegram or something like that. So, you know, hopefully this worked out for you. Again, the template will be in the schools, so just go ahead, check it out. It's all for free. And as always, I'll see you guys

=== One Image. 100 Ads. Zero Dollars. (Nano Banana + n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXEYKIwk7j8

you are using Nano Banana all wrong because instead of playing around with the clothes you're wearing or what the background looks like, you could be taking any image you want and turning it into 5, 10, 100 pieces of marketing material with a click of a button. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. We are going to combine the power of NAND and Nano Banana to create a content machine that allows us to take any image we want and turn it into hundreds of pieces of marketing material. And we're going to control all this inside of Air Table. So, we have a one-stop shop from beginning to end. We got a ton to cover in this video. So, let's get started. So, I wanted to kick this video off by diving into a demo. But before we do that, let's talk about what problem we're actually solving with this automation, right? So, imagine you have an image. Let's take a look at the one we're using here. This is a old galaxy ad. What if I asked you, hey, I want you to give me 10, 20, 50, 100 different versions of this ad. Right? I like the general style, but I actually want to see it in a bunch of different ways, right? I want you to change the lighting. I want you to change the background, the mood, the text, all that. Keep the core image the same, but like let's do some ideation. How would you do that? Well, either you could go inside of Photoshop and do that painstakingly, or you could go to Nano Banano and do it one at a time. Or we just automate the whole thing. And that's what this does. This allows us to take a single image like this Galaxy ad. It doesn't have to be an ad. It could be a picture of your dog. And we just give it a bunch of information about what changes we want it to make. And then we let it go crazy at whatever scale we want. Right? This automation solves the problem of marketing material ideation at scale cuz I can do 5, 10, 15, a billion of these. It's the same amount of work for me. And at the end, I just press this little red button. And the prompts we create are pretty detailed, right? We go through text, color palette, atmosphere, style, lighting, composition, settings, core subject, right? And I can keep things the same, change whatever I want, but I do it all here through Air Table. And again, I can do it at scale. Now, you're obviously thinking that's a lot of stuff for me to fill out. Well, don't worry. I'm going to show you how we can automate all that, too, while still maintaining some control. But now you can kind of understand what's the point of this. So, let's actually try it out. So, like I said, we got this galaxy image. We have five here that are set to be created, right? They've been tagged as create. You can see they all have different kind of prompts. One talks about futuristic neon cityscape. We have a minimalist one right all over the place. Now alls we have to do is we just need to click on this button and this is going to send a call to our web hook over at nadn and this thing is going to start working in the background. You can see here over on the left it's already begun its execution and now all we have to do is wait about 50 seconds. Okay, so it completed in 48 seconds. So, let's hop back into Air Table. And you can see over here on the right, we have the images it created. You know, some of these are kind of okay, right? Celebrate every moment. This looks kind of corny, but some of these actually look pretty good, right? And the great thing about this is we can do it at such a scale that, hey, maybe eight out of 10 aren't exactly what we want, but ultimately, you probably just need one piece of marketing material you love to keep pushing it forward. And above all, you can always play around with the prompts. And it's super easy to look at, right? I can go to gallery. I can see everything I've done up until this point. And I really like air table being the focus of this. And you can see some we did with an Aston Martin cart cuz you see a lot of automations that live in like Telegram. Even my last video did that. And that's not sustainable, right? You're never going to run your creative suite from Telegram. So that's how this works though, right? We're going to put images inside of Air Table. We're going to give it prompts and then we're going to get a final output. So, now that you've seen the demo, let's actually go under the hood and see how this is working. Here's where I also want to remind you that you can get this template for free. Just go down to the link below, head to my free school, download this template, upload it, do the same for Air Table as well, and there's a link to the Air Table template here inside the Nad template. And you can go ahead and follow along as we do this so you can get it up and running as you watch this video. So, once you've uploaded your template, let's run through this from the top. So we have the web hook which triggers once you press that button inside of air tableable. We grab the image URL from air tableable. We then send that image to Gemini. You could also have this go to chat GPT to analyze the image and we're having it create a prompt based on the original image, right? A description of the image. We want this because this is more information we can send AI down the road so we get a more accurate recreation at the end. After that we get all the information from Air Table that we need. So if a row was marked as create, it's then going to grab all the information from that row, namely like, hey, the subject, the setting, the composition, lighting, the style, right? All that prompt information. That's what's happening here. We then feed all that new prompt information into this AI prompt. This is using Gemini. It could be open AI, doesn't matter. And this outputs the nano banana prompt we're going to use. Right. Once we have that edit prompt, we then send that request to open router, which is what we're using to go talk to nanobanana. It creates the image and then we then upload that image to air tableable. Simple enough, really. Three parts. We get the data, we create the prompt, and then we create and upload the image. Data, prompt, create. That's all that's happening. Now, let's take a look at every module. Now, let's go through every module one by one so I can show you what you need to connect, what you need to update to make this working for you. So, the web hook, let's take a look at this guy. So, we have our test and production URL. I want you to do this right now. I want you to copy the production URL. I want you to go inside your nano uh banana template on air table. You're going to go to trigger nad workflow. You're going to go to edit field and you're going to need to update this URL formula right here with your web hook. Right? That's all you got to do. Once you do that, hit save and that will mean that will allow it to trigger once you press this button. So you'll press the button and the web hook will work. Nothing else you need to worry about here. Next, we get our image URL. So obviously we need to connect to air tableable. So to connect to air tableable, it's pretty easy. I want you just go to open docs here and just follow the documentation. And for the sake of this video not being 40 minutes long, I'm not going to walk you through step by step how to do this. And documentation is really good. Could you be doing this whole thing in Google Sheets? Yeah, you could. But frankly, if you haven't begun to migrate from Google Sheets to Air Table, I think this is a great time to do it because Air Table is frankly just a little more robust. And so once you connect your Air Table, we're doing resource, we're doing get your base is going to be nano banana ad machine or whatever you named it. Table one. and then the record ID we are pulling from our web hook all that is done so we can get the image URL and the image URL coming back to here is the URL for these images right so what is the URL for this guy that's what we're doing then once I get that URL I'm sending it to Gemini again this doesn't have to be Gemini you could be using openAI analyze image but we just need to send the image to AI so we can get a prompt we need that starting prompt so you can see the prompt here Right? And it's describing that original image, right? Hey, closeup of a hand, teal long sleeve shirt, blah blah blah blah blah. This the whole reason we're doing this, you might be like, "Oh, why do we need this? I could just skip this. It's getting the image anyway." By doing this, we have a better chance of that final image being more accurate, right? Because the biggest boon of nano banana is its character consistency. And this helps that. And so that's what you see here inside the system prompt where it just talks about, hey, I want you to break it down on these eight points. I want you to get very specific about the subject, the setting, the medium, all that stuff. And the only thing we're passing is the URL. There's nothing you should there's nothing you should have to change here. Next, we go to create rows. So, we're going get create rows. Again, what are we doing? If this was set to create, and this is set to create, it's now going to take a look at all this row data and get it for us, right? All the prompt stuff. And inside here, just make sure it's connected to the correct base table filter by formula. Right? That's how it knows to get the create ones. And then I'm just making sure it outputs specific things we care about. Right? These are the things we care, aka the prompt info. And again, you see the output reflected here on the right where we're grabbing the core subject, composition, lighting, style, blah blah blah, all the prompt stuff. That's all that's happening in part one, which is our get data. Next becomes the area where we create the prompt. This is the prompt that we're going to eventually give to Nano Banana to make our image. And so we have two things. We have the user prompt and the system prompt. For the user prompt, what are we passing? We're passing all that prompt information, right? All the edit prompt information. Subject, composition, lighting. Everything up here is being passed. With a system prompt, we're just telling it, hey, you create prompts for AI image editors. I want you to include the following guidelines. And then we also pass that original image prompt that we made back here. Right? Remember this guy? This gets sent to him. That way he can be like, "Okay, I know what the prompt should look like." Now, once that prompt gets created, what are we going to do? Well, we're going to pass that to Nano Banana. And we're doing that via Open Router. As for what you need to change here, well, you need to have an open router API. So, to get to Open Routers API, you're going to actually just click here. This is going to take you to the Google Gemini 2.5 Flash image preview page. But once you create an account with Open Router, you're just going to come to the right. You're going to go to keys and you're going to go to create API key. For Open Router, I also suggest putting some money in there. I put in like 10 bucks because I'll show you here in a second. There is a free version of Nano Banana that we're able to use. Just understand you're rate limited. So, if you are doing a ton of images like I was doing earlier today, you may have to switch for the paid one, in which case it's like I think 4 cents per image, but I'll show you how to do the free and how to toggle between them. It's pretty easy. So, go ahead and create an API key. Then you're going to do generic credential type header off open router for open router. Now, the way you're going to do that in here is you'll click that button. The name will be authorization and then for the value you're going to do bearer space and then c and then paste your API key. So it should be authorization bearer space paste your API key there and then you'll just switch it back to fixed and you'll be connected. Now what are we actually going to be passing here? You don't need to send headers. We're just going to be sending a JSON body. And you'll see here what we send are really two things. So for the text prompt, we are sending both the original image prompt and the requested edit prompt. That way it knows, hey, this is what the original image looks like, and here are the edits I want to make. You shouldn't need to touch this, right? I have it specifically set up this way with stringify stuff to deal with like quotation marks that are occurring when it's creating those prompts. So keep the names of the modules as they are, right? because if you change the name from original image prompt or from requested edit prompt, it's going to mess with this. So, you shouldn't be touching those anyway. Just leave this as is. Lastly, we send the image URL. That way, Nano Banana can actually get the image we wanted to edit. Again, there's nothing you should change here. Actually, I lied. There is something you can change here. So, the model, remember how I said this could be free? That makes it free. So, again, paid. And that's what you're going to see when you use the template. Free. Start with the free. Just put it in there. Um, you may have to go to paid it again if you start getting rate limited and you'll know if you're getting rate limited because it's going to tell you. Now, I do my best to help with the rate limiting by batching this. So, I have one item being sent every 5 seconds. Um, you can play with that as you wish, but I don't think you should be running into issues unless you're absolutely abusing the free tier like I was. So, nothing else you guys should really have to touch here. Again, everything's in the template. Now, once this runs, you're going to see something like this, like, do you want it to show the data? So, it's in B 64. So, essentially, it's like 10 billion lines of like text and numbers. Don't have it show the data. You don't need to see that. It doesn't really matter right now because we're just going to be uploading that base 64 directly to Air Table. Uh, the reason this is an HTTP node and not an Air Table node is because for whatever reason, Air Table didn't want to make an NN module, you know, that allows us to do this. So, we kind of have to do it the oldfashioned way. And I'll show you how. So pay extra attention to this part because there are some things you need to edit that aren't super obvious. So first of all it's going to be post for this URL. All right, you see this part that I have highlighted this app 60Z's blah blah blah blah. You need to change this. So you need to go back to air tableable and you see here where after slash you have this little section. So for me it says airtable.com/app60Z3 blah blah blah blah. You need to copy paste whatever that is for you. Go back in Nad and replace this. Okay, that needs to be changed. Now you don't have to change this map section and this nano image. This is a reflection of this air table row nano image. So if you change this to something else, you need to update this. If you don't touch anything, leave it the same. So that's what we're going to be sending the image to. Next, for authentication, you're going to do predefined credential type. You're going to do Air Table personal access token API. And then all you're going to do here, again, at this point, you should have already connected your Air Table by following these documents. So, you should know your access token is. If you get confused, go through the docs. It'll show you exactly what to do. Next, we have the JSON we're passing. And this is pretty simple. It's just the content type, which is image/png. The file type. Again, you shouldn't have to play with this. And over here on the right, remember how I said we didn't have to show the data because of the B 64? That's what you see over here. See the little scroll bar on the right? Notice how it hasn't moved at all. Yeah, that's why you don't need to show the data. And then file name, you can just keep it as generated image. It literally doesn't matter. You shouldn't have to touch this either. Other than that, you're all set. From there, we then just update the status of our row. So if we go inside of air table here, you'll see make sure you're connected to the correct base and table column to match on it's ID and we're using the capital ID and then we just mapped it. So I just took um get create rows. See this big ID here? I just put it in there. That's all I had to do. And then we change status from create to completed. That's it. Other than that, we have an error um section here. So if for whatever reason we have a problem with nano banana, it's going to go down this route and it's going to update the status to error. But my suggestion is whenever you're running um this automation from air table, you just pop into here and you go to executions and you kind of should have your eye on this in case something weird happens like you forgot to put an image in or whatever. So that's how the NAND section of this works and like I said surprisingly simple for what we're doing. You know, it's pretty lean which is why I love it. Now, the last part we need to talk about is probably going a little bit more in depth of like, okay, if I want to do this myself, what does it actually look like on a blank slate? So, we're back inside of Air Table and if I was on a new row, how would I actually make this work for real? So, first we're going to give it an image. So, we're just going to dump this picture of this Aston Martin into here, right? So, this is what we're working with. And so, we have all these fields that we need to fill out. Like I said before, we could do this manually, right? If you really want to take charge, you can specifically say here's the course subject, the setting, all that stuff. But what I've created for you is I've created a custom GPT to help facilitate this, especially when we're doing it at scale. So here's that custom GPT. There's a link to this GPT inside of the NAN template itself. And all you're going to do is you're going to stick the image that you want to edit in there. And then you're just going to tell it what you want it to do. So I just wrote keep the cards the main image. Go crazy on everything else, especially the lighting. I also want it to be minimalistic. And I'll say give me five of them. So, I want it to give me five rows worth of information. I could do 10, 20, whatever. And so, you see, just does it all on its own. And all I'm going to do is I'm going to copy this. Copy. We're going to go back here. And I need to make sure I have enough rows ready to go. So, I'm just going to add four more. And then you can zoom out a little bit. And then I'm just going to paste it all in here. pasted. Zoom back in. If I go here, like with the image, you can just drag this down again, just like Google Sheets or Excel. And so now we're ready to go, right? Five images, five different prompts. What do I have to do? Just hit the button, right? Tells us workflow was started. Go back inside NAND, go to executions, and now we just got to wait about a minute. And that's that easy and that quick to get this automation up and running. All right, so it just finished. So let's check them out inside of Air Table. And uh yeah, I think these look pretty good. I didn't give it a ton of guidance, right? I basically just said keep the car and keep it minimalist. And again, I did all these in 50 seconds. And you have to ask yourself, how long would it have taken me on my own to create this one at a time to get it to this level? Probably a while. And again, when you do so many, it's great because then you just pick the handful that you want, right? Cast a wide net. You probably have a few you like and then you can take those and edit them some more. It's pretty cool. So that's it for this video, guys. As I said before, the template is in the school and that template includes links to the Air Table template as well as a custom GPT. Now, real quickly, what's on the horizon for this? Well, in the next video, I'm going to show you, okay, now we have some still images we really like. How can we turn them into videos? And it's actually pretty easy to get to that step when we're already here. So, stay tuned for that. Make sure you sub and I'll see you

=== The ULTIMATE Nano Banana & n8n Guide (No Code UGC Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HBfSkkkXL4

So, Google might have just released the greatest image generation model we have ever seen with the introduction of Nano Banana. Now, this has led some people to go crazy saying it's a Photoshop killer, but in this video, we're going to dispel fact from fiction. I'm going to show you what it's really good at, what it still needs some work with, and at the end, I'm even going to dive into an NAND automation that shows you how you can go from image generation all the way to video generation with VO3 and Nana Banana all in one place. So, we got a ton to cover in this video, so let's hop right into it. So, let's talk about why everyone's calling it Nano Banana. Just get that out of the way first. So, its official name is Gemini 2.5 Flash Image, and that's the name it was given when it was released a couple days ago. Now, for about a week or so, it's been secretly out, right? It was released under the code name Nano Banana on websites like this, LM Arena. Now, what's LMA Marina? Well, it's a website that essentially allows you to do like a blind taste test of different AI models. You give it a prompt and you get different responses back from different models. You don't know which is which. And then you rank them. And during that time, Nano Banana aka 2.5 flash image has been crushing every other model when it comes to things like image edits or text to image. So without even having the official Google name associated with it, it's been absolutely killing it. And why has it been doing so well? Well, I think there's two big reasons. The first one is its speed. is able to generate these images very quickly, especially if you compare it to something like OpenAI and Chat GBT. And secondly, and most importantly, is its character consistency. So you can look at something like this and you can see how good of a job it does with the original image and then creating new images based off of that and keeping the character, the face of the human being the same. This is something most image models are terrible at and it's something Nano Banana does really, really well. And you should immediately start to think about practical applications for this. Right? Here's an easy one. Right? Person one wearing two different clothes. Start to think of things like UGC modeling. This does it so well and so easily. And right now it's basically free. You can see right here in this demo how it takes a light and it just drags it over to the shelf and then it instantly populates. Right? This is the kind of stuff that this model does really, really well and why some people are calling it right a Photoshop killer. Because to do something like this or like this at this level usually required some level of Photoshop expertise just a week ago. Now, where can you use Nano Banana? There's a couple places. You can go to the official Gemini app, but I suggest going here, which is the Google AI studio. You can get here going to AI Studio.google.com. You just have to log in, but you get access to everything Google has to offer, but in this like developer platform. So, this is where we're going to put it through the test. And then we're going to go over to here to the build and I'm going to show you the cool like app feature they have um before this as well. Okay, so let's start this out by adding a picture of me and then I'm adding a picture of a purple hoodie. And then I'm just saying have the man wear the purple hoodie. This isn't a complicated prompt and I've just thrown it two images in tandem as reference images. And we're going to see how it comes up with. And then I'm going to show you what the same response looks like if we use something like chat GPT. So there it is. That took what five six seconds. And this is pretty good, right? Look at the face here. And look at the face here. That is very similar. That is strikingly similar. And it does a pretty good job with the actual sweater. Now, is it perfect? No. But this is pretty dang good. And it keeps the background intact. Now, here I am at GPT5 with the same prompt. And look at this hideous monstrosity. This is frightening. This is This is scary. There's no character consistency. It really drops the ball when it comes to the actual hoodie itself. Although it does get the text right. And this is the major issue that we had before when it came to image models on things like Chat GPT, right? It did really, really poorly if you gave it pictures like this of people who weren't celebrities of where there wasn't a ton of data out there for it to draw and you were just giving it an image of somebody that it probably had never seen before and some sort of item. It can't put it together. You get this. Jeez. Compared to this, this looks way more accurate. This is a huge step up. And this took 6 seconds to do. This over here took like 6 minutes it felt like, you know, so it's snappy and it's consistent. So here's another quick example of character consistency. We got LeBron with some Chinese Nike hoodie on with the rides and I told him put him in a Bulls jersey and have him, you know, hold four logo. That easy, right? You can very quickly think of, okay, like marketing UGC type stuff with different characters holding whatever product you want. Now, let's take a look at the build section, which is really interesting over here in the AI studio. You won't see this on the Gemini side. So, if you hit build, um Gemini has all these like little pre-built apps that you can not only use, but also edit. So, if we go to home canvas here, you might have remember this from when we went through the documentation. And what it does, it's this little app where you just give it a product and a scene. And then I can just drag the product to wherever I want. And just like in that demo they showed me, I can just drag it over here to the shelf and it's going to automatically populate again. Think of how difficult it would be to do this just a week ago, right? And to have it maintain consistency across the image and not slowly warp things as you iterated and iterated. It would have been really hard. And like I mentioned before, we can change what's going on in these pre-built apps. I just prompted on the bottom left. I said add a feature where I can then prompt the final image to get another iteration of the scene that was created. So, I want to be able to prompt this image. I just do that and it's then going to begin editing this app. So, think of this almost like lovable, right? It's like little Gemini lovable and it's going to create a new app for us that we can prompt through. Why is this useful? Well, think if you have some very cool idea of like, okay, I know how I really want to use this new image generation API. I want to turn this into a SAS product. How can I quickly prototype it? right here. You can prototype it for free inside of Gemini, right inside of their AI studio. I don't got to go to Lovable and do all like the APIs there and do that whole connection. I can do it right here for free and just iterate and iterate and iterate and Google's just letting me like it's a pretty awesome tool. Um, and it's using 2.5 Pro like it's a thinking model. It's very robust. So, I would definitely suggest having some fun with this. Go on this little app page, play with it to your heart's desire, and see what you can make. And so you're really only limited by your imagination when it comes to this new nano banana image generation model. If you have some sort of use case that requires character consistency. This is now huge. And again, you can do so much here over in this build section. And again, like I said, I just had the ability I just added the ability to do a prompt. And so we'll say add a I can't read the text. Add the dog to the bed. And now it's going to add to the scene. Pretty sweet. And there we go. There's there's our dog. So that was Nana Banana in a nutshell. And for the rest of this video, we're going to be working on this NN workflow. Now, what this workflow does is it automates the entire media generation process, right? We are going to be able to send an image to Nano via Telegram. It's going to edit it. We're going to give it a thumbs up or a thumbs down. And if we give it a thumbs up, that means it's going to be automatically sent ahead to be turned into a video via VO3. Now, if we give it a thumbs down, it just goes back to the edit process. and keep playing with it till we get it to a place we like. But this allows us to have a one-stop shop, aka Telegram, where we can give it images, have it edit them as we like, and then turn it into video marketing material. And so, let's go through that with a quick example. I just dropped in an image of a random Razor mouse and said, "Have a gamer girl showing off this cordless mouse like an ad. Make it a close-up." Again, we're thinking ads, marketing, UGTC type stuff. So, I send it. All right. So, we sent the image off. We get a response back saying, "Hey, we sent it to the generator." And then we get the image back. Overall, pretty good. I will say you wonder where her index finger is. Maybe it's behind here. But that's why we now have this approval process built in, right? So it says, "Here's the image. Please choose an option and respond." So you click this and it takes you to this page. And you either give it approved or you say undo the edit and try again. So if I say approve, I now put in the prompt for the video. And if I wanted to undo it, you can give it a different prompt. I'm going to have it redo it, but actually do the same prompt. and we'll see what happens again. Okay, so it came back with a new image. We like this one more because she actually has all her fingers from the looks of it. And so what we're going to do is we are going to approve this one. So we'll hit respond. We go to open. And so now you're just giving a prompt to VO3 of how you want the video to go. Have the woman talk about how much she loves her razor mouse. Submit that. And now it's going to go through the video creation process. So while that's happening and we wait for that to occur, let's talk about what all just happened, what we went through. So we just went through this whole green part, right? It got the trigger, it got the image. And don't worry, we'll go through all these modules in detail. It waited till it got the image back. And then we were over here, the approval process. Now that we approved it, it goes up this create video pathway. And before when we told it, hey, no, we don't like that, it went back via this route, the edit path. So either it creates the video or it essentially starts from the beginning. So now what's happening is we sent that image here to the analyze image module. And this is where it's taking our, you know, basic prompt that was like, hey, tell her how much have her talk about how much she loves the mouse. And it actually improves on it greatly. So if we dive in here, we'll kind of jump ahead. You can see how we're saying, "Hey, take the prompt to take the URL and then I want you to give a very descriptive prompt, right? Because VO3 is still kind of getting there and we want to do everything we can to make it as good as possible." So that's all this thing is doing. It's essentially taking a look at your prompt and making it better and then it sends it to Kai AI or it's then going to wait till we get the movie back and then it'll send it to us via Telegram. You'll also notice over here we have a get 1080p module. So Kai Aai naturally gives it to you in 720p. You have the option here to insert this here basically and it will give you a 1080p video instead, but it's just a little more expensive. So I leave that deactivated and that's kind of however the user wants to use it, right? If you want to pay more for a better video, the options there. All right, let's take a look at our video. >> I love the precision, speed, and ergonomic design of this mouse. >> All right, that was the video. Not amazing. We could definitely tweak the prompt a little bit, get a more polished output, but the automation works. So, we have a foundation to improve upon. And big picture, we know we can now properly integrate Nano Banana, the best image generator on the market right now into a workflow like this that can give us video media on the back end, right? So, that's what's really important here. So, that was the demo. Now, you know how it works high level. Let's now go through module by module so you know what's supposed to go where and how to connect it yourself. So, this automation begins with the Telegram trigger. It doesn't need to be Telegram. It could be Slack, WhatsApp, whatever. It just needs some sort of place where it's going to ingest your prompt and the image. Now, Telegram is free, which is why I like to use it. And we've done tons of videos before that show you how to set up Telegram. So, I'm not going to dive deep into how to do that. If you have questions, I want you just to go here, go to open docs, and then you're just going to follow the instructions for how to set up your Telegram credentials. It is very simple and straightforward, and they break it down nicely. If you have questions, you can even chat with the docs, which they just recently added. And then from there, we need to get the file path because, as you know, we're giving it an image and there's a ton of information it gives us. And furthermore, we need to actually not just get the image ID, we need to get like the HTTP, the URL that's associated with it. So that's what's happening over here in the URL. Now, this is important. You need to change this highlighted part. This is your bot token. This is what botfather gives you when you originally use it for your credentials and for like to set up your account. This is the access token. So if you don't know where this is, it's from your conversation with botfather. If you have no idea who botfather is, go back and connect your telegram and you'll understand. So this is different for you. This is my bot access code. I will be deleting the bot after this, so do not worry. But this needs to be changed. This is different for you. Next, we're just mapping the file ID, right? And by doing so, we're essentially giving it the HTTP the the URL so that it can reference it when it comes time to edit our images. From there, we just have a set node so it's easy for us to deal with the variables. We have an image received response. So, this is just to let you know like, hey, they got the image, right? This is all automatic. From there, we then generate the image with Nano Banana via Kai AI. So, this is where you're going to have to set up your Kai AI credentials. If we go into KAI and we go to nano banana, you'll notice there's two sections here. There's nano banana, which is, hey, I just want you to create images from scratch. And then there's the nano banana edit. We are using the nano banana edit cuz it's assuming that you have some sort of basic, you know, product or image that you want to edit before you turn it into a video. So that's why we're using nano banana edit. And this is where we get all the API information for it. If you're wondering how I filled it all out, what I did is I went down here to curl. I copied it. I came up here to Nadn. I went to import curl and I pasted it in here. From there, all this was filled out for me, including the URL and the JSON payload. Now, to connect your account, what you need is you need a generic credential type, a header off, and you're going to create a header off here. You're going to click this. For name, you're going to put authorization. And then for your value, it's going to be bearer, capital B, space, and then your API key. Right? Remember how to get your API key. It's on the KA API site. So this is what it should look like. Authoration, bearer, space, and then your actual API key. Switch it back to fixed. It'll look like that. So you don't need to set any headers. We need to send a body. And this is what the body is going to look like. So the model is Google Nano Bananait. Callback URL is going to look like this. And then your input is the essentially the message you gave it the caption when you talked to telegram and then the image urls is pulling from the previous module and also this is the number of images it will create for here we just have one. Next we have this weight module and you'll notice it's on web hook call. This means when we request the image to be created we don't have to sit there forever and like do a poll and then like do a wait and do like 20 seconds wait and then keep checking. No, this is just going to automatically go once it's been created. Okay, once we get the signal that the image is done processing, we have a set image that's just dealing with the variables again and we have Telegram send us the image back alongside a message saying hey what do you want to do with it? So that's what's happening here and we have two options which is hey approved send it for video processing or undo this edit and try again with the original image and we have a space for the user to put in the new prompt they want. Then comes the approval processing. This is just the large language model taking in that response and basically saying like hey what do you want to do with this? So either it's going to be an undo or it's going to do a video. And we give it some examples of how we wanted to process that data because we wanted to give us two items, right? We want the intent, so video or undo. And then we want the prompt because we have to map both of those and follow on modules. Like I said before, we then have our switch node. So hey, are we starting from the beginning doing more edits or are we pushing ahead and analyzing the video? Now, we already looked at this one before where it essentially beasts us our prompt. And from there, it sends it to Kai AI again, but this time for VO3 fast. And again, just like the previous Kai AI module, I got this using a curl request. This is all going to look the same for you. Do header off again for Kai AI. And you can look at what we're actually passing. So, we're passing the prompt that's coming from the previous module. We have the image URLs V3 fast. If you want to use V3 like the big dog model, you would just um append this. You just get rid of this. So it just said V3 call back URL. So we're doing that whole weight module again. And then aspect ratio seeds and no fallback needed. You shouldn't really have to touch anything there. Um then we do the weight module. Same as before. It's essentially just waiting for that response from Kaii saying, "Hey, your video is ready." And once it's ready, it sends it back to us via Telegram. And again, looking at this 1080p module, like I said, you actually don't need to touch any of this stuff here. This is all set up for you already. You would just plug it right into here is what you would do. And then you would have the 1080p um video sent to Telegram. So, that's how you would do it. This is optional. Again, you just have to pay a little more for 1080p, but yeah, I know I went through that real fast, but that's how that automation works. You send an image, edits it, thumbs up, thumbs down, push the video. Now what are some constraints of this automation because we are working inside of Telegram and we're you know we there is a cost to like doing everything in one place. Well for one right now this can only take one image at a time. So kind of like I talked about before there are ways around that and that would be sending multiple images as one image right putting it all on one platter so to speak. Um the other things are you can really only edit that original image. We could have it to where you could edit your edits over and over again, but that created a very convoluted automation. That's something to mess with later. And then right now it only creates one video. We could have it create multiple videos. Again, that will probably up for follow-on automations. And right now it just sends the video to you. It doesn't automatically post it in anywhere. Again, I have previous videos that show you how to automatically post across many platforms. Check out the post to nine platforms at once video if you want to see that. So, there's a lot of room for improvement here, especially in terms of the video side. But again, the big picture for today is like, can we hone in on Nano Banana and can we use that for automations, which this thing does. So, that pretty much covers it, guys. I hope you now have a better idea of what's going on with Gemini's new image gen model, how cool it is, and I hope the gears are starting to turn in your mind of like, okay, how can I really apply this to my particular use case? So, as always, the uh template is available. Check it out on the school. Let me know in the comments what you're thinking.

=== This AI Agent Can Analyze ANY Crypto or Stock (No Code + n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_P79JPwI7E

All right, let's have our AI agent analyze Bitcoin for us. So that request is getting sent to our end back end where it's going to do all the analysis and then bring it to us on our web app. Okay, so here's the Bitcoin analysis it gave us. We got a technical chart showing its volume, MACD and RSI. It then gives us an executive summary, technical analysis, market context, a full-blown investment thesis, and it gives us more details here at the bottom. Not bad. So, what you just saw right there was our AI agent acting as a crypto analyst. It did a deep dive breakdown on Bitcoin, gave us all the information it found to our web app that we built on Lovable, all with no code. That AI agent not only does technical analysis based on the charts we give it, but it's also able to scrape the web and find all the relevant news about that particular stock or cryptocurrency that it thinks is important when it comes to guiding our decisions. And in this video, I'm not only going to give you the template so you can use that AI agent yourself. I'm going to show you how it's built, how to edit it, and how we can connect it to a front end that we build unlovable, which is super important, not just for this video, but for making AI agents and automations in general that you want to package into some sort of front-end web application. And that's a great skill to have if you're in the AI agency space and want to actually sell NAND automations and agents because you can't just give people the NAN backend. Nobody knows what to do with that. you need to know how to package it into some sort of front-end app that people can actually interact with easily. We're going to cover all that and more in this video. So, let's go ahead and jump into it. So, let's begin with our most important part, the AI agent doing all the analysis behind the scenes. Now, if you follow me for a minute, you probably remember the video I put out a few months ago titled AI agent that analyzes your stocks, and it looked very similar to this one. So, what's changed? Well, a lot has changed. First of all, we've completely redone the system prompt from the ground up. So, it does a way better job at actually analyzing the data it receives. Secondly, we've made it way more flexible. Before, it was kind of hardwired to only deal with stocks. Now, it can easily do crypto as well. And lastly, we've greatly improved its ability to conduct market research and sentiment analysis. So, those three changes combined have given us a much more robust AI agent and we've taken the extra step of actually turning it into a web app, which is what you see here. So, what is this web app? How did we create it and connect it to our agent? Well, first it was created using Lovable, which is a web app for creating websites and web apps, and you just do it via prompting, right? You treat it like chat GPT. You can connect it to Superbase. You can do Stripe integrations. It's actually really robust. But today, we'll keep it simple. We're just essentially doing a wrapper around our AI agent. And speaking of our agent and how it all connects, if we take a look at this guy, you'll notice these web hooks. And these web hooks are the key to connecting our N8 back end to our lovable front end. So, big picture, what's happening? If I'm on my website for example and I say hey I want you to analyze Tesla. Well that data is now getting sent to NAND and it's getting sent to NADN via this web hook. So analyze Tesla then gets sent to this AI agent and it does two things. One it uses the stock tool and that stock tool is what finds that chart image that you saw earlier and does analysis on it. That's what's happening here. You can see in the system prompt, we gave it a pretty robust prompt about, hey, here's how I want you to actually do the technical analysis, then sends that back to the AI agent, which is simultaneously doing that market research sentiment analysis via Tavly. So, it's going out to the greater web and saying, "Hey, what sort of relevant news is there about Tesla, about Musk, right? What do I need to know in addition to the actual chart numbers to help inform me about how we should approach this stock or crypto?" From there, that response then goes to the respond to web hook, which is what gets sent to lovable, which is eventually what populates here, right? And if we look here, that's what we see. This was all inside of NAN once. We've just now superimposed it onto our website. It's a wrapper, right? You know how you hear people talk about GBT rappers? Well, this is our Nad AI agent wrapper. Same thing kind of applies. And like I mentioned in the intro, this is important not just for this, but for really any sort of AI agent or automation you create that you eventually want to sell because it's much easier to sell something like this and like this sort of outcome. This is easier for most people to understand. And just to show them this and be like, "Here you go. Have at it." Right? So it's a really great skill. You need to learn how to use it. And I think today is an awesome demo where you can kind of get your hands dirty in the space. So here's how the rest of the video is going to go. What I want you to do now is if you haven't done it already, go to my free school. There's a link down below. Download this template and upload it so you can follow along and that way you're not starting from scratch and it'll make it way quicker when it comes time to actually build the website and you can kind of see, okay, here's where I need to change things for my particular use case. Here's how I can customize it, etc. Then once you have your hands on the template, what we're going to do is I'm going to go module by module and I'm going to explain the logic behind all of these. How I get the API, how to set up Tavly, and then what you need to edit. Right after that, we're then going to connect this guy to lovable. We're going to build our web app from scratch. I'm going to show you how I would prompt it, some sort of tips and tricks, and what sort of issues you're inevitably going to run into along the way, and how to navigate them. So, let's start from the top with the system prompt. So, what are we telling our AI agent actually to do? So, you can see we break this out into really three phases, right? Phase one right here. This is it taking your input and then figuring out okay if he says take a look at Tesla or take a look at Bitcoin or analyze Bitcoin how do I turn that into something I can actually use. So we give it examples like Tesla becomes TSLA as well as the market and we need that market as you'll see later to get the proper charts. After it's confirmed the market we then go into phase two which is hey how are we getting all this data right the technical analysis we specify hey use the stock tool here's what you're going to get. Then we go into market intelligence and financial metrics. Hey, I need you to do a search with Tavi. We need you to do two searches. The first search is all about, you know, kind of sentiment analysis news. And then second call for Table, hey, I want you to get some financial metrics like specifically stuff, you know, like PE ratio or volume, that sort of deal. And then phase three is the synthesis. So, we're shoving a ton of information in this agent and we're saying, "Hey, here's how I want you to actually analyze it and give us an output." And the rest of this is all about that output, right? How do I want you to structure the summary, the snapshot, the cryptocurrencies, all this stuff and even quality standards, special considerations, and critical reminders. Understand with the system prompt, this is extremely customizable. However you want this AI agent to give you an output and what sort of things you want to focus on, this is where you go and you change it. And also, I didn't make this from scratch and you shouldn't edit it from scratch. I took all this, I gave it to Claude and I said, "Hey, this is what I'm creating. This is the AI agent I want. This is kind of what I want the output to be. Give me a system prompt. Approach it the same way. And we'll kind of zoom in to make this a little easier to see. Let's also talk about this. Now, the prompt. So, obviously, this is hooked up to a web hook. So, what is the user prompt actually going to be? Well, it's coming from our web hook. And you'll see if I scroll down, you see this query right here where it says Bitcoin. That's what's going here. That's what got dragged in here. So, when it comes time for you to create your particular web app, you're going to have to like have it send a message first and then you'll eventually come back here and be like, "Okay, here's the query. This is where this needs to go. That's what's going on. Next, we have our chat model. Right now, I'm using GPT5, which is a thinking model. So, it does give you a good output, but it can be kind of slow, right? Sometimes it can take a minute or two from when you put the request to get a response. If you want something that's snappier, use a different model, use a non-thinking model. Again, edit it as you wish. We're just using simple memory right now. And then we have our stock tool, which just calls on this tool right down below. It's in the same workflow just for simplicity. And then we have Tavi and we'll come to Tavi in a bit. But I actually want to start with the stock tool. So what the stock tool needs, what it needs is it needs that ticker and it needs the market because if I come here, well, we'll go through this, right? Executed by another workflow. We have edit fields, right? We're just calling this ticker now, right? So we had Tesla. Let's say we sent Tesla. It goes from query Tesla to ticker Tesla. You don't really need that, but I do it anyways. And then we have our HTTP request with chart image. Now chart image, we'll bring it up right here. It's just chart-image.com. I want you to go to this website. I'll put a link down below. Create an account and then you're going to go ahead and we're just going to be using the free account. So, we can get 50 charts a day for free. We're able to use three parameters on that chart. And as you can see, if you're really into this, you could pay more to get more parameters or more charts, etc. Once you're on this page, you're just going to go to API key and then go in here and go ahead and generate a new key. Inside here on the HTTP request, again, you're going to have the template. So, all this is going to be there for you. You're just going to input your key here under X API key. Next, we have the JSON payload. And this is where we're putting all the information to get the chart we want. Now, what chart is in here for you right now? Well, it's a chart that gives you volume, MACD, and the relative strength index. What if I want something different? What's available to me? Well, you just go to chart image. You go to API documentation and this entire page is dedicated to explaining all the different charts that are available, all the different parameters you can use and it is dense. Do you need to like understand this completely? No. What you do need to do is to be able to go to something like Trading View Snapshot V2 right over here on the left. Copy all this stuff, go to AI, dump it in there, and say, "Hey, I'm trying to create a chart for my AI agent. What should I use?" Right? That's how you can have it create an API request that you can then put in your stock analyzer. Right? You would then dump that into here and it's good to go. Easy enough. That request then gets the chart for us. We then download that chart here on HTTP request one and then we send it to this basic LLM chain which as you saw before is doing all the technical analysis for us. Again, if you're going to be using a different chart, you need to change this up a little bit. Also of note for the chat message, we're actually sending it an image. So make sure this is user, binary, data, and high. Then we have this edit fields here. And what's happening here is this is what we're sending back to our AI agent. So the text is the analysis that's done on the stock or cryptocurrency. And then we're also sending the URL of the chart image. And we do that so that we can actually get this image here eventually brought to us. So the last thing we need to talk about here is Tavi. Tavi is a community node. Um, but it now has an official community note. So, even if you're not self-hosted, you can get this. You're just going to go ahead and search for Tavi. And if you don't have it yet, there'll be an option to download it. Download it and you'll be ready to go. Once inside, you'll need to connect your account. All you need to do is go to tavly.com and it's going to look like this. You're going to log in. Once you're inside tavly.com and you log in, you're going to see this on the front. This is your API key. You just hit this button right here. You copy it and you're good to go. You also get a thousand free credits a month, which is pretty nice. So, inside this node, obviously, you need to connect your account with the API key. We're going to be doing search query, and the query is going to be defined automatically by the model. So, the model's smart enough to know what it should be searching for based on our system prompt. Beyond that, I'm having it do it advance for its search depth. That way, it actually goes pretty deep in its analysis. You can change that as you need. And for days, I just want everything within the last week. Again, feel free to edit. And so that is how this AI agent works. Now let's go to the fun part which is actually creating our web app in Lovable and hooking it all up. So here we are inside of Lovable and this is where we're going to prompt our way into our wrapper for our AI agent. Now Lovable's just like any other large language model. In fact, they're using Sonnet 4.0 under the hood for this thing. So you're kind of talking with Claude. The best way to do it if you want a particular web page is go find a website you love, take screenshots of it, give it to Lovable, then say, "Hey, this is the website I want. This is what I wanted to do and I want it done in this style, the style of the image that I attached. So, if you're looking for places to go for inspiration, I actually asked Perplexity, where are some cool like places for like website design and to find some cool examples. It gave me some options like site inspire, awards, landbook, minimal gallery. So, just go out there into the great dark beyond and find some cool websites that you would like to emulate. So, I actually found this one on site inspire. And this was like my first inspiration for creating like this terminal style um that I actually ended up going with. So, again, I just went to site inspire, found this, and I just took a screenshot of this and I dumped it into Lovable. So, I'm just going to repeat that same process. I gave it a screenshot of that website. And the prompt I gave it isn't even sophisticated. You can make this way better by having AI help you. But, I just wrote, I want to create a single page web app that is connected to my Nad AI agent on the back end that does stock analysis. I'm thinking something cool like what I attached where we talk with Krypton. Let's make up another name. But that chat goes to our NN bot which takes the stock it wants to analyze and returns a bunch of analysis and then the analysis is displayed. Right? Nothing fancy. You could do a lot better than that. But let's see what it creates. So as this is building, let's talk about what we're going to have to do inside of Naden. So looking at this, you should have your web hook created and we're going to unpin this data. What you're going to have to do and what we're going to do is we're going to go to production URL. We're going to copy this URL and we're going to go back to level one and we're going to say, "Hey, I have a web hook inside of NAND. It is a get web hook and this is the URL. I want all data from my web page to go to this naden back end." What we're saying is, hey, here's here's our address, right? This is where I want the data sent. So, we're going to have to tell that after it creates our web page. So, make sure you have this production URL copied. Make sure this is set to get. Make sure respond is using respond to web hook node. Then I want you to set this to active and make sure it's saved. All right. So here's what it made on its first pass. Not terrible, not exactly what we want, but we just want to make sure the functionality works and then we can go ahead and we can play with the actual design, right? So what I'm going to tell it now is I'm going to give it the web hook. I'm going to say it's a get. And then we're going to do some tests. Okay. So you can see what I wrote on the bottom left. I said let's connect it to my NAN AI agent. The Naden web hook has the following information. HTTP method is get URL is the production URL we copied and then I say I need you to send it I need you to send it the user's query. So whatever we type that's what's get sent and then I say also the NEN workflow will return a response to you in JSON. So I'm saying hey on this guy the response that's will be in JSON that's what goes back to you just expect it. So we're going to give it that and then once it says it's done all that we're going to type in a response. We're going to go back to Nadn and we're going to notice that we're going to get an error, but that's okay. It's totally expected and I'll show you how to fix it. Okay, it says it's connected. So, I'm going to send in a message that just says Tesla and we'll see what happens. What we should expect is we're going to go back into our AI agent. We're going to go to executions and you can see right here it immediately errored out. That's okay, and I'll show you why. So, we're going to go to debug and editor. Now, the two things that you will notice is we have an error here and here in memory. So what's the error here? The error here is a user message. So we're going to go from define below. We'll keep that. But we need to change the prompt, right? Because it's not a chat input anymore. It's coming from the web hook. And we talked about this at the very beginning. If you come to the bottom left, you see the query. You should see a query that matches what you typed into the web app. So in this case, it was Tesla. So I'm going to put it there. The other error was with the memory node, and I'll show you how we fix that. So I actually want you to take the X real IP right here. This is going to save us a little pain. You're going to put it in here. Then I want you to just copy it. So copy it and delete it. So this should just be JSON query query whatever it is. Go out, go to simple memory, switch this to define below. And for the key, paste that in there, the IP. So what we've done is we've now tied the key to the IP. Right? That's how it's going to make sure the session ID is the same. So with that, we'll have solved the problem. So, I want you to save it one more time. You can refresh it. Go back to Lovable and let's try it one more time. So, I'm going to play Tesla and then let's go back and see what happens. Okay, so we see the execution is running right now. You might notice a few errors down there. That was because I had an API key mismatch, but this will take anywhere from 30 seconds to a couple minutes depending on what model you're using. Once it's done, we'll continue. Okay, so we see it worked on the end side. actually responded to the web hook and the automation down below worked as well. This is great. This is what you wanted to see because we know the back end, the part that's actually important is working. It's grabbing data and it's sending it. Now, let's look at lovable. This looks nice, but all this information is obviously wrong. It didn't actually show any of the analysis it did, but that's okay. We know the data is there somewhere. So, now it just becomes a matter of going back and forth with lovable. I usually use the chat function down here so it doesn't do any edits before we kind of confirm what's happening. and we're just going to say like, hey, did you get the output? This is what the output was. Why don't I see it? How I often do that is I'll go into here and I'll actually click into the response to web hook cuz see this is all the data that was sent. It just didn't show it. So I'll copy this data, go into lovable, and I'll say, hey, this is what an& sent why don't I see it? So that's exactly what I did here. I gave it the full response and then lovable came back and said like, oh, I just didn't know that's what the response would look like. let me fix it for you. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to implement its new plan and we'll see what it looks like. And you can honestly always expect this sort of back and forth when you're dealing with a lovable wrapper on top of your NAND agents. So once it makes those changes, just go ahead and run it one more time. So we tried it again and level came back with another error message. So when we go back in here and we look at our executions, we're saying okay, but it is actually sending all the information. So again, we know it's good on the N8 side. So all we're going to do is we're going to repeat the process. go back to lovable, show it the response and see if it can come back. And again, it says, "Hey, I'm looking at the console logs." And I see the issue it has to do with the parsing. This sort of back and forth is kind of just expected in part for the course when creating these sort of rappers. But usually, it only takes two or three of these iterations before we have it up and working. So, it looks like third time was the charm. I'll I'll move my thing over here. So, we can see now, hey, it shows the chart, goes into the executive summary, and then we kind of have a little drop- down menus for all all our analysis, right? So we kind of see the investment thesis. All the same stuff we saw in this original one is now in here. Now is this way uglier? Of course it is. But we now have the actual function of it working. And when it comes to making it look nice or pretty or however you want. All you have to do is you have to continue the prompt level. So for me usually I'll go into chat and I'll just be like, "Hey, I'm trying to do something more terminal inspired. I want it to be kind of like green and black. Like what are some recommendations?" And it will usually come back with like four, five, six different ones. and try to implement them. And just for, you know, fun, I'll do that right now real quick. All right, so here it is after just one prompt. Uh, this looks way better than before. Has like the Matrix deal going on in the background. You have like the cool little card highlights. You have some like scrolling text. Actually, this looks pretty sick. I think I kind of like it better than the one we originally started with, but shows you how easy it is to go from, you know, whatever it starts with on the first shot to like one more prompt. That was just one more prompt. So, um, last thing I'm going to show this video is how to publish it. Super easy on lovable. Um, you can push this to GitHub if you want, but if you just want to publish it right away and get it online, um, just go ahead and hit publish here and then it'll actually publish it to the web. Now, understand when you expose this to the web, anybody can use it, right? So, your API keys and all that, like people can go ahead and mess with those. I will get rid of this later, but yeah, just like that, you now have a pretty cool website that's able to do everything we've been talking about. You created essentially an AI agent wrapper in what, 20, 30 minutes or whatever. And you can customize it. And like you see, it actually looks pretty sweet. So, I hope this video was useful for you guys. I had a lot of fun making it. I always love doing the lovable integrations. Um, so let me know what you thought in the comments. Let me see what sort of websites you built.

=== 2 Step AI Agency Blueprint: From Tutorial Hell to $5K Clients ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiAAsZAi3p8

So, let me walk you through an imaginary scenario. You're someone who has watched hundreds of YouTube videos about AI agents and automations, and you're actually getting pretty good at it. But you're no closer today than you were at the very beginning at actually making some money with these skills. Sound familiar? Well, if we want to actually start making some money with AI, what are we supposed to do? Well, most people take the complete wrong approach. They fulfill the definition of insanity, and they just start over at the beginning. more tutorials, more agents, more automations, thinking, "Hey, if I reach this mythical level of AI expertise, all of a sudden, people are going to start giving me money." But that's not how it works. In fact, taking that approach is going to do way more harm than good, because there's two parts of the equation to making money with AI. First is the AI piece, and you just have to get good enough. You don't have to be a complete expert. And the second part is actually sourcing clients, which is a completely different skill set and one you should be spending more time on than the first. So in this video, we are going to define what good enough actually looks like. And then we're going to talk about the second part, sourcing clients, how to do it, what those funnels look like, so you can actually start capitalizing on these AI skills you already have. So if you're somebody who's trying to start their own AI agency, wants to actually make some money in the space, this video is for you. And let's get started. Take a look at this personal assistant AI agent. If I ask you to explain to me how this thing works and you can do that, then you know enough about AI to start selling AI solutions. Do you need to know how to build personal assistant AI agents? No, because nobody buys these things no matter what YouTube tells you. But what you do need to know is sort of the fundamentals, right? And actually personal assistants are a great job of showing that. What do I mean? First of all, you need to understand how APIs work, right? because every single client's going to have some sort of API that they want put into an AI agent and it's going to differ from API to API. But if you can look at this and I say, "Hey, here's a Tavly API. Can you explain this to me? How do I get the key? How do I know what to put for the URL? How do I get all this information? How do I change what the API does? And where would I look to find that information, aka documentation?" If you understand that process, you know enough about APIs. If you can look at this AI agent and tell me, hey, here's how it interacts with the chat model, and here's how it interacts with its different tools, including sub agents, via a system prompt, then you know enough about how AI agents work under the hood to sell AI agents. If you can look at these web hooks that right now are hooked up to 11 labs and you can kind of tell me again high level how we're able to have this AI agent interact with the user outside of NAND aka put it on a website, put it on something you made in lovable, shove it inside a CRM, then you know enough about AI agents integrating to external apps to sell AI solutions. I'm not joking. That's pretty much the technical bar you need to be able to sell these things. In an ideal world, would it be great if you can look at this sort of agentic rag system I built and recreate this from scratch and tell me right off the bat how all this stuff is syncing up and how it's working, how Postgress says this stuff, that'd be great, right? That would be awesome. But you do not need this level of expertise. Furthermore, if you just know where to go to find this stuff, if you know, hey, I have an idea of where Rag is, but I know where I can learn more. And I have an idea of how I could build a template, but I know where I could find one. Again, you're at the place where you need to be to sell these things. And if you don't know that, well, first of all, I would take a look at my 5h hour NAD master class like get the AI fundamentals. If you go through that, you honestly know enough. And if you're like, well, where do I actually go to find these things? For me personally, that would be perplexity. This is where I go whenever I have a question about, well, some client wants some sort of system, but I've never done it, but someone else definitely has. This is where I go. I just explain the system I want. So let's say I was looking for a gent rag system with superbase in nadn example. Maybe some client wanted something like that. I would just search for it and you know what it's going to show me it's going to show me YouTube videos which are going to lead me to templates which are I can also search for this on the NN website. Right? You have to be able to know where to go when you don't know something. Right? That is the technical bar you must pass to be ready to sell AI agents. That's it. Nothing more. It's not crazy. You're probably already there. And so, like we talked about in the beginning, the first half of this making money in AI piece, the AI expertise stuff, it's not that hard. It's not too crazy and you're probably already there. Can you look at this? Can you explain the relationships? And you know how to tweak it to get it to where a client would pay you for it. If you can do that, you're ready to go. So, that brings us to part two, which is sourcing clients, right? Nobody cares how good you are at creating AI automations if they don't even know you exist. So, how do we get them to know you exist? Well, there's four main funnels. First is your warm network. Second is cold outreach. Third is freelancing websites. And fourth is social media. All four of these pay off at different speeds. They require a different amount of work upfront. But the big thing is you need to do all four of these simultaneously at the beginning because a volume is your friend. B you're going to suck at all of them. So, you need to start practicing. And see, you have no idea which ones will work for you in particular. And so, you have to cast a very wide net. And then over time, as you figure out what works, then you double down on it. You can't start doubling down on social media before you've done a single post. You can't start doubling down on freelancing websites if you haven't even tried cold outreach or reach out to your warm network, right? You got to try them all, which is why it's so much work at the beginning, but it pays off in dividends if you actually commit. So, first things first, your warm network. We're thinking like LinkedIn. and we're thinking our friends, family, co-workers, someone you've actually talked to in real life and actually cares about you. The big thing with the warm network is this. It's not a hard sell. You're literally going to talk to your friends and family and you're going to say something along the lines of just like, "Hey, I'm just starting this new business. I'm starting this new AI agency. This is what it's about. Do you know anybody who would be interested?" That's it. That's as hard of a sell as you do. Right? And hopefully they'll be able to read between the lines and understand, oh yeah, this guy, he creates personal assistance. He creates rect creates AI stuff. Maybe I'm interested, but maybe I'm not. I know a guy. Right? You want to get in with your warm network as soon as possible because it pays off the fastest. The warm network is going to give you more work more quickly than cold outreach freelancing or social media ever will. And it's easier to do, right? You're just reaching out to people if you're able to get over the cringe factor of letting people know what you're actually trying to do for a living. Now, number two on the list is cold outreach. And for this, we're thinking of things like cold email campaigns. You're talking to people who have no idea who you are and you're trying to let them know what you're doing. Now, this is a great place to start actually putting these AI automations that you've spent way too much time learning into effect. For example, do you have some sort of lead generation automation? You should. People love to buy those and this is a perfect place to actually put it into practice. Right? Here's one for example that kind of scrapes LinkedIn via Apollo, creates custom messaging and then puts it into Instantly. Instantly is an awesome website that allows you conduct cold campaigns at scale and customize your messaging. Here's the big thing when it comes to cold outreach. You need a ton of volume. Minimum you're sending out a thousand a month. And you need some sort of way to write good copy, which is the actual emails themselves. How do you make it sound like each email was a one for one? That you just emailed them, did research on them, and they weren't one dude out of a thousand that you actually looked up. Now, third on the list are freelancing websites. We're thinking Upwork or Freelancer. These are websites where you bid for jobs. Now, they can sometimes get a bad rap, but understand there's leads there. They have work. They have money, and they're all in one place. There is a benefit to it, especially at the beginning, because not only are you bidding on work, what you're really doing is you're learning how to pitch yourself. Who you are, what you're about, why they should care, and why you're right for the job. That is something, like all these skills, you are going to suck at really badly at the beginning. And this is a place where you can practice that at scale at a low risk. And last on the list is social media. It's going to have the longest burn of all these. It's going to take the most amount of work up front before you see any sort of ROI from social media. You are going to have to commit to posting on LinkedIn, YouTube, Tik Tok, Instagram, wherever 100 times with zero positive feedback before anyone cares and before the first inbound lead comes in. However, once they start coming in, the ROI on social media is kind of ridiculous. Whether you make a post for one person or 10 million people, it's the same amount of work. And once that ball gets rolling, it doesn't stop. So, I talk about LinkedIn in particular because it's the lowest barrier of entry for most people. Most people are afraid to put their face out there on video, and I get it. However, you need to commit to some place that you're going to create content, and I think LinkedIn is a great spot. It's businessoriented. You can just start with writing, and it lets you slowly ease into the idea of posting what you're doing on social media. And eventually you should be pushing stuff on Twitter. You should be pushing stuff on YouTube, Tik Tok, Instagram, wherever because you don't know where those inbound leads live. And you can't discriminate wherever they come from, right? You need work. So to sum it up, these are the four funnels you really need to think about. How are you going to attack and source clients and you should be thinking more about this than you're thinking about this, this, or this? Because I promise you, you know enough about this already. You really do. Your problem is finding leads, right? So, get off the YouTube automation tutorials from someone who makes YouTube automation tutorials if you're really serious about making money and start thinking less like a developer and start thinking more like an agency owner because that's what you are. So, I hope this video was somewhat helpful with kind of reinforcing the idea that you already know enough already when it comes to AI. You're not just one more tutorial away. You really need to start focusing on the things that actually generate revenue, which is sourcing clients. Now, here comes the time for the plug. I have Chase AI plus which is all about more of the like how to do it like great those are the four funnels how do I actually do cold outreach how do I actually do social media etc I have all that in my premium community the chase ai plus one if you're looking just for templates like this guy this guy this guy those are all in the free school community go ahead sign up there all the templates are free to download so hope you enjoyed this video guys let me know what you think in the comments and as always I'll see you Out.

=== Firecrawl v2 MCP + n8n = INCREDIBLE Web Scraping AI Agent (No Code Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrFKn9BiWCE

Firecrawl is one of the best tools out there for scraping the web and turning it into data that you can actually use with your large language models. And this week, Firecrawl just announced version two of their software, which they claim scrapes web pages 100 times faster than before. So, in today's video, I'm not only going to show you how Firewall works inside of NADN, but we're also going to dive into the Firewall MCP server. So, I'm going to show you how to set up the MCP tools, what the pros and cons are of going down the MCP route, and then we'll do a use case where we are looking at our competitors Amazon web pages and seeing how their products are doing on a day-to-day basis. I'm actually really excited about this lesson because there's a ton of use cases when it comes to firecrawl and web scraping in general inside of nn and it's great to have a tool that lets us get outside the ampify box we usually play in. So, if you're ready, let's dive into it. All right, here we are on firecrawl and let's talk big picture about what this tool actually does. So, as reductive as possible, it's a web scraping tool. You give it websites, you give it URLs, it will go there, it will scrape the data, it will turn it down into markdown, which you can then give to your large language models for it to use. What's the most obvious use case here? Let's say you were building a chatbot for a website and you wanted it to be trained on other websites or your own. Well, you just give it the URL. It gets all the data for you and then you give that data to the chatbot. That easy. But if we want to go another layer deep, there's about four different things that Firecrawl is able to do for you. And the four big things that Firecrol is able to do for you is reflected here in these modules in the purple. You can map a website, you can scrape a URL, you can crawl a website, you can extract data. Now, why do we care about this? Well, it's important to know what's going on under the hood when we start working with MCP. So, you have some clue what the AI is doing for you and why. So, first map a website and get URLs. I can give firecrawl say like a URL like naden and then it will grab all of the URLs associated with that website which is what you see here. I gave it naden.io and there are 4,652 URLs associated with that website as you go layer by layer by layer by layer. Quite a lot, right? Well, that's what this does. And it's important oftent times to map a website so you can scrape the appropriate pages. Next, we have scrape a URL and get its contents. This is for a single page only. So let's say out of this 4600 grouping of NAND web pages, I knew exactly which one I wanted to scrape, right? Best AI for coding, for example, on this blog. Well, I would give it that URL and it would scrape all the data from that singular page. That's what scrape does. Next, you have the ability to crawl a website. Now, crawling the website means it will essentially scrape multiple pages. It will go layer by layer by layer as deep as you want it to go, and it will get more and more and more data. So just think of scraping but deeper and multiple iterations. Next we have extract data. And extract data is just a little more agentic for scraping and crawling. When it goes onto a web page, it grabs everything. For example, I had it scrape that page we were looking at earlier, right? The blog nm best AI for coding. This is the page in markdown. You know the the format that LLM's really like. It'll also give it to you in JSON, but it gives me everything on the page. This is quite a bit. The difference with extract is I can give extract a prompt and I can also give it special schema instructions where I tell it exactly what I want it to grab from each page. So it won't grab everything. It will intelligently just grab the stuff I give it. Now if we look inside extract data, you can kind of see that reflected here in the schema. Notice how I tell it, hey, I want the title, price, star rating, total reviews. This is in reference, and you'll see this later, to having it scrape or having it extract a specific Amazon web page. And there were specific things I wanted to get from that Amazon web page. Title, price, star, total reviews, right? I have the ability while using the extract data tool to specify that I don't want everything. I just want a few things. This is what they are. So those are the big four tools when it comes to firecrawl. Map, hey, give me all the URLs associated with this website. scrape. Give me everything on this one page. Crawl, give me everything on a number of pages and then extract. Give me specific information on these particular pages. That's the difference. That's what firecrawl can give you. Now, zooming out, we talked about MCP, right? We talked about how this was going to be a little MCP lesson. So, let's dive into that piece. So, real quick, little refresher. What is MCP? Model context protocol. We could dive into this for 30, 45, 60 minutes. Big picture, what is MCP buying us in the context of NADN? Well, what it means is we go from here, the traditional AI agent, what you see here in green to the MCP agent, what you see in red. What's the difference? It's the tools. Notice how up here in the green, I have a specific tool for each specific, sorry, I have a specific module for each specific tool, right? I have the firecraw map tool, the scrape tool, the crawl tool, blah blah blah blah blah. Every tool has an associated module that this AI agent must know and call specifically, right? Every tool must be listed. Imagine if this was Gmail, right? You would have one for send message. You'd have one for delete message, draft, tag. All the tools would be listed. What does MCP buy us? Well, gives us this. We just have two tools. We have the list tool and we have the execute tool. What MCP allows us to do is when we tell this AI agent to do something, it is first going to go to the list tools option. If we click in here, what do we see? I'll move this over here. We see an entire list of all the tools available inside of the MCP server. Do you want to guess what all this stuff is saying? It's saying, "Hey, here's scrape. Hey, here's extract. Hey, here's map." It's giving it a list of all the tools so it can say, "Hm, what's actually available? what can I use? And it's all housed in one singular module, right? So, it's essentially stuffed all five of these into this one. So, every time we talk to this AI agent, it's first going to go to that list tools and say, "Hey, what's available? What are my options here?" From there, once it gets the list of all the options, and let me put this back. Now once it gets the list of all the options, it's then going to pick the appropriate tool to use to execute the task, right? And sometimes we can kind of see here in the logs in a previous run that will be multiple tools. You can kind of see up here. I'll see if I can zoom in a little more for you guys. And we'll go over this again later when we actually do the demo. But you can see here when I asked it to do a review, when I asked it to look at certain websites, you can see it hit list tools first, then it did execute tools and then it did some back and forth with itself with the AI model. But it got the request, it did list tools, saw everything available, and then it executed the appropriate tool. In this case, I believe it was the extract tool, right? And within that extract tool, remember how we talked about all the schema? Remember how we I showed you this? How we had all the schema? Guess what? You don't have to put any of that in. The AI will do it automatically. That's really the power of MCP. It's the fact that the AI now knows, okay, these are the tools available to me. This is how I need to set them up. Let me just do it on my own. There's no more like, okay, we got to go in here. I need to set up the schema properly. I do all all this is gone. All this stuff is gone. AI just does it. It just does it. So what does that bias? It buys us a ton of flexibility. It means I just talked to this MCP firecrawl server like I would a human being and it's going to act like one. But that flexibility comes at a cost and the cost is precision because I will prompt this as best as I can, but at the end of the day it's going to be given a list of six, seven tools and it's just going to have to choose the best one it thinks for the job, right? versus if I am very specific and I just have certain modules ready to go, right? I could create an automation with just a few modules that are always going to execute the correct one every single time. Kind of just depends on your use case, right? If you're doing something a little more agentic, you need some more flexibility, MCP is great. But if you are just trying to run the same automation over and over and over and over again, maybe you don't need MCP. But MCP is cool. Everyone loves MCP. It makes you seem smart when you do MCP stuff. So, that's what we're going to do today. So, what we're going to do now is I'm going to show you how to build this out for yourself and then we're going to run it through a quick demo. You should have the template up already. If you haven't done that yet, just go down below, go to the free school link, click on the lesson, download it. It's totally free, and you can be right where I am right now. So, full disclosure, you need to be self-hosted to be doing this. You need to be on the community version because there's community MCP nodes we're using for the best effect. If you aren't self-hosting yet, you got to do it. It takes 5 10 minutes. You're saving money. It's just a better product. Again, go to my go to my videos, look for the hosting your self-host lesson. I do not exaggerate. It will take you under 10 minutes. All right? And you're going to save money. So, first thing we're going to do is we need to get these MCP modules. So, to do that, you're going to go down to the bottom left. You're going to go to settings. We're then going to go to community nodes. And the node we are going to be looking for is NAN nodes MCP. Now, if you've never seen this one before, we'll go to the documentation and I will have a link to this as well. But all you need to do is you're going to do npm space i space nadn nodes-mc. So, I'll show you how to do it. You're just going to copy it. You're going to go to install and you're just going to paste that in there. npm i nadnosmcp. That's it. Understand install it and you'll be ready to go. So once you install that community node, come back into here and we just need to get your credentials set up for these MCP modules. So you can click into either one and there should be list tools set automatically and we need to create your firecrawl credential. So you'll do create new credential and you'll see something that looks like this. Now it's going to be npx and then it'll be -y space firecrawl-cp. I'll explain how I got all this in a second. And then we're going to do our API key. First, let's get our API key ready to go. So, I want you to go back to Firecrawl. You're going to go to dashboard. Again, you can do this totally free. Lefthand side API key. Have this guy ready to go. Also, as a quick aside, Firecrawl is open source, so you have the ability to locally host it for free, self-hosted somewhere else if you so choose. But the free tier is pretty generous if you just want to have the least amount of hassle. Now, I'm on the Firecrawl MCP server. Now, where did I find this guy? Well, it's github.com/firecrawl/firecrawlmcp server. If you Google firecrawl mcp server, it will take you to this page. Now, what are we looking for? Well, we're looking for this guy, right? You see this? This is for cursor, right? But this works just fine for n. I'll kind of zoom in here. You'll see command npx. Well, if I go back into nadn, what do you see for command? npx arguments. Y fire crawl mcp why firecrawl mcp args arguments you see where I'm going with this next we have the environmental variable and you see where it says fire crawl API key your API key that's what's going to go here so for environments it's going to be all caps firecrawl API_key colon and then you're going to copy paste your API key in there once you do that hit save and you're going to be good to go it's not going to show you any connections or anything but if it's not working for you. No, you probably messed up somewhere there. Like you might have put an extra space or something. Make sure everything has to match exactly. Exact spaces, exact capitalization, all of it. Now, let's take a look at the firecrawl execute tools module. What do we have here? Credentials, set it to the firecrawl ones you just created. Toolb set automatically. Execute tool. And then the tool name. Now, remember what did I talk about before? Remember how list tools is going to give us all these different tools over here on the right? like there's a bunch of tools and they all have a specific name, but we want that tool name to be dynamic, right? We want the AI to figure out what tool to use. So, this should already be filled in for you, but it's a just a bit of JSON that's saying from AI tool name call this tool when asked to execute a fire crawl tool. I'm just telling AI put in the right tool. I'm not going to tell you what to do. Just put in the right tool based on the job. And then over here on tool parameters, that's defined automatically by the model. What does that mean? Well, remember extract data over here. remember all this schema nonsense. We don't want to have to do that by clicking tool parameters as from AI. That lets AI figure it all out, right? That's the beauty of MCP. It's going to do everything for us. Lastly, the system prompt. And the system prompt is pretty basic, right? You're an advanced AI research agent with access to firecrawl MCPs tools, including firecrawl list tools and firecrawl execute tools. And I'm just telling you, hey, when I give you a task, you're going to do the list tools first. pick the right tool and then execute it. That's it. This is a very simple system prompt. Like we don't have to go too crazy because everything's happening here. Right? That's it. So that is how we set it up. Now let's talk about our little demo. How are we going to show this in action? So like I've talked about before, there are a million use cases for web scrap. And it actually took me a minute to come up with one for this video, but I figured I'd do one that was actually useful for me. And so, little backstory, my brother and I, we started a creatine gummy business not too long ago. Um, we kind of just got the product and I was like, hey, what if I used Firecrawl to take a look at the top three creatine gummy companies on Amazon right now, right? I will have Firecrawl scrape their pages, look at their prices, look at their reviews is the big thing, like their most recent reviews in the last day, like price, what the changes are, etc., and kind of get like a pulse on what's going on with my competition, right? Pretty useful. And these are super ugly pages, right? It's it's kind of hard for most web crawlers to go through this and figure out what's happening because it's just there's so much crap on here when it comes to Amazon. So that's what I'm going to show you today. So how are we actually going to do this? Well, you can see down below I'm going to tell it to give me the following info from the product pages. Title, price, star rating, total number of reviews, last five customer reviews, including the review title, text, rating, name, and date. I also want a screenshot of each page. and then I gave it the URL. So that's a lot of information I'm asking for it. We can expect it to use the extract model. So let's have it run and take a look at the results. All right, so down here on the left are the results. You can see it going through product by product, giving me the price, title, rating, and then a sample of the reviews. And it does this for all three. And this is actually quite a bit of information across just three web pages. Now, is this the ideal final output like inside of a chat window? No. No, it's not. But I think it's a good demo of what's happening inside this agent. And so let's dive a little deeper. Let's take a look at the logs. So if I click in here, we go into the logs. And this is pretty much the exact same as what we saw before, right? It went to the model, went to the list tools. We'll move again here again. And so we can see, hey, what what happened when we went the list tools? Well, it just shows them all. Scrape, extract, map, all that. It brings that back to the chat model. So it's like, hm, which tool should I use? goes to execute tools. We see it use firecrawl extract and for that we see the prompt it gives it right. So it actually gives firecross specific prompt and then you can see here the schema remember we talked about the schema before all this stuff is schema and this is something we would have to kind of hardcode normally if we weren't using MCP again this is the power of MCP right here and then from there it brings back all the data and that's what you see in these next three jumps right it's just the model trying to parse through all of it eventually we get our output and so that is how you can set up a firewall MCP server inside of Naden that was just like a quick demo just a taste of kind of the power of firecrawl in the setup. How could you take this a step further? Well, we could have this be an actual like scheduled automation, right? Like that's great information as a one-off thing, but I would probably want that every day. So, I could get rid of this chat message and I could have this run every 24 hours. Furthermore, I could have it take all that data and I could put it into something like Air Table or Google Sheets and actually turn this into a dashboard that becomes kind of my one-stop shop where I can view everything, right? You don't not want to have to do all this inside of Naden. And again, you don't just have to do stuff like competitor analysis like I talked about at the beginning of the video. You could just give it websites that you want to scrape for your own sort of large language model that's being trained on something else. All right, so that's it for the video, guys. I hope you liked it. We kind of hit two things today, right? Not just Firecrawl, we also dove a bit into MCP. And I hope you kind of just got a taste of kind of the power of MCP. It's great in certain respects, but you do lose a little bit of the precision. So, just know that going in. It isn't a silver bullet for every situation. But it is powerful and it's only getting more and more powerful as time goes on. So, as always, let me know what you thought about this in the comments. Join the school, right? Get all the templates for free, all that stuff. And good luck. I'll see you around.

=== The Four Types of AI Agents That ACTUALLY Sell (It's Not AI Agent Armies...) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m4g8kDwDbA

If you want to make money in AI, then you need to understand what sort of automations and agents people actually buy. And no, it's not over complicated AI agent armies that are nothing more than a glorified Siri. What people actually buy is simple. It's agents and automations that lead to them making more money. You need things that drive true value in a business. But the good news is there's about four AI solutions that you need to worry about. They cover about 90% of the market. And as someone who's been running their own AI agency that does about 40k a month, I can attest to this. But don't just take my word for it. Take a look at this post on Reddit. What this guy did is he scraped 6 months worth of data from Upwork to see what sort of AI solutions are people actually buying. So the exact automation that clients paid for had a lot to do with things like lead generation. And we saw common pain points that included stuff like hooking up GPT to a CRM and again more lead generation stuff. And that sentiment echoes what I've seen myself, which is why I believe these are the four AI automations and agents you need to focus on. Number one is rag agents, retrieval, augmented generation. These are AI solutions that you are able to plug into an organization and essentially be a member of their team, right? Imagine chat GPT that has all the organization's information and could do things on their behalf. And number two is lead generation. People want AI automations that bring clients into the door because more clients means more money. Number three is voice agents. Now, this plays into the lead generation piece and the rag piece, and it can take on a lot of different forms, either as an outbound sales agent or something that's inbound acting as a receptionist. The value is super clear on these, and it's easy to demonstrate what they do. And number four is content creation. You need some sort of AI solution that you can pitch to clients that takes the lead in their marketing department. So, for the rest of this video, I'm going to dive into each of these one by one. I'm going to explain how you should make your pitch, and then I'll even give you the template for each of them. So with that, let's jump into it. So the number one type of AI agent that I believe you need to focus on are rag agents. Now retrieval augmented generation, you remember what this is, right? This is where we take some sort of AI agent and we hook it up usually to a vector database that includes all the data about a company that they want you to know about, right? So what does that mean? Well, it means in layman's terms, you've hooked up chat GPT to their company. I can now talk to this AI agent and it's been quote unquote trained on all their data on their projects, whatever they want. Right? You're plugging AI into their system. And that is a huge value ad for a lot of companies. And it's why I put this number one. This is the most common type of AI agent that I am asked to build. And this comes in a ton of forms. What you're looking at right now is its most complicated. Right? This is a truly agent rag system that not only deals with stuff like large spreadsheets, but it also deals with documents. It uses graph rag. honestly overkill for most systems. On the other hand, we have this and this is the most simple form of rag, right? We have some area where we put in documents and then it gets ingested into our system. In this case, you would just say, "Hey client, you're going to put all your documents into a Google Drive and it's automatically going to get vectorized into somewhere like Pine Cone and then I'll give you an AI agent where you can talk to it about your documents and get answers and insights." That is its simplest form and usually when it comes to an actual client, it's going to be somewhere in between those two extremes, right? The most normal type is what you see here, which is just a simple rag agent that vectorizes the documents and shoves it into somewhere like Superbase and just does a simple reranking system using something like go here. Now, if that's all super complicated and you had no idea what I just talked about, check out the links above. I have guides for all these videos and the templates you see here as well for the rest of the video. You can also find for free in my school. There's a link down below. Now, not only is this in itself a value ad for companies, right, the ability to have quote unquote chat GPT hooked up to their documents, this rag infrastructure is something that you can apply to almost every other type of agent, whether it's content, whether it's a voice agent, whether it's even lead generation. There's going to be tons of instances where you need the ability to take a company knowledge base and add it to whatever system you're working with. And oftent times, you know, it's not enough to just shove it into the system message right here, into the system prompt. Sometimes you need a little more than that. And that's why you need a very strong rag backbone when you start diving into AI agency work because this lets you kind of like supercharge any other work you do, right? And on top of that, again, the whole idea of like chat GBG in your business, you might scoff at, but truthfully, that's a pitch that resonates with a ton of clients because remember, most of your clients aren't very technical. their only like experience they have when it comes to AI systems is chatgbt and maybe what they saw you you know either marketing or that you sent to them. So start with simple rag often times you can kind of demonstrate what it does from this point of view but understand traditional vector rag and then also understand more advanced stuff like graph rag. And as for what you can charge with these types of systems, this one for example, just this traditional rag system, I charged $5,000 for this, right? I essentially took a product like this and obviously wasn't inside of NN. We hooked it into their Slack and it allowed him and his team to interact with it there. That's the power of these systems. So, Rag Agents, super versatile, super valuable, understand them, master them. Next on the list are lead generation automations. And again, like rag systems and the other ones we're going to touch on soon, this comes in a variety of forms, but high level it tends to be the same. You need some sort of automation that is able to grab lead information from somewhere. What you see right here is one that uses Apollo and it uses Apollo via Aify. So, long story short, there's some abstractions, but basically it's scraping people's information from LinkedIn. It's getting names, emails, company information, whatever. So you need some way to automatically grab lead information from there. You need a way to enrich it and that's what we see down here at the bottom. Right? In this case, we're actually going and we're researching stuff about their company using Tavi and shoving it into AI which then becomes a customized outreach message which then gets plugged into Google Sheets. You could replace that with their CRM, whatever it is. And then it goes to Instantly AI which is kind of like a one-stop shop for cold email outreach. big picture, what are you doing? What does every lead generation automation need? You need a way to get leads. You need a way to enrich leads. And you need ways to contact leads. And ideally, there's some place for customization here. Cuz remember, when you do lead outreach at scale, the gold standard, the northstar is you want every message to sound like it's just for them, right? They weren't one of 10,000 emails. They were a 101 and you did specific research on them. That's hard to do, but AI lets you do it. And that's the power of lead generation automations. Now, in terms of being able to sell it to clients, right, the pitch kind of like sells itself. It's lead generation. I'm getting you clients. This is a project that puts clients in front of you, which leads to more money. It's actually probably the easiest sell out there. And it's one that also applies to any business. Just like rag, right? The idea of plugging in chat GBT into your business is ubiquitous, right? You don't have to have a specific niche for that. Same thing with lead generation. There's no specific niche you need for this. Every business lives and dies on sales and this helps them get more sales. So again, understand it and master it. Next on the list are voice agents and these come in two forms. Outbound agents, so AI agents that make calls outbound to somebody, right? Think of someone following up on a lead. Or inbound agents, something that takes calls and does something with them. Think of like a receptionist. There are entire AI agency businesses and people I know who make a ton of money where this is all they do. They only focus on voice agents. Now, NADN and these kind of low code infrastructures, these are like the back end of your voice agent, but you usually need some sort of front end or something that does all the voice work. There's a lot of options out there. Probably the premium one on the market is 11 Labs, both in terms of its ease of use and the amount of voices you have available to it. And sort of the general way it works is you create some sort of voice agent inside of 11 Labs. And again, I have videos on how to do this inside of 11 Labs or whichever program you're using. This is where you give it the instructions. This is where you give it the system prompt of how you want it to talk, etc., etc., etc., right? You usually hook up some phone number to it using something like Twilio or you use a phone number that they have themselves. On the NAND side, this is where you handle all like the CRM back and forth. This is where you can attach almost rag systems so that the voice agent is able to draw on those systems to answer questions like what appointment times are available, what sort of products do we have available for more of like a sales agent, right? And from there all this stuff gets dumped into some sort of CRM. In this case, you see it with Air Table. And the nice thing with the voice agent is you can kind of make it one coherent package where you say, "Hey, I'm giving you a voice agent that includes a custom CRM." And your custom CRM is really just a fancy looking air table dashboards. But people eat that up. Truly, they do. And this is why voice agents, you can get away with this being your only your only product you sell. If you can master voice agents, you can go really really far because it's also easy to sell, right? Because I'm saying, "Hey, you have a sales rep, you have a receptionist. Well, I have an AI one and it does the same job for 1% of the cost and it never goes home." And if you don't like that cell, like I'm not trying to put someone out of the job. Another one is like, hey, imagine a inbound voice agent that only works after the receptionist has left, right? After hours, taking in calls instead of things being lost to voicemail or otherwise. You have an agent that can now pick up those calls, set appointments, plug into a CRM. Again, that's how you sell it. You're selling the outcome, never the tag. You're never going into a call and being like, "All right, this is how the system prompt works." No, no, no, no. The sell is always the outcome, and the outcome is more clients, which means more money. Remember that. Last on the list are content creation automations. Now, the most common type that you will find when it comes to client work is usually something on either Twitter or LinkedIn. Twitter can be tough because you do have to go down like certain accounts and pay certain amount of money to use their API, but LinkedIn isn't too bad, right? These are all textbased automations. And the idea tends to be pretty simple, right? In this case, you see a form, but this could be an automatic trigger. You send some sort of topic to talk about to AI. It does research on the topic. It creates the copy in their voice. Right? That's another big selling point you do. You massage the system prompt with examples of the company or the person so it sounds like them. You attach some images and then you generate the image. The two big selling points on this one that I just alluded to was that you can make them sound like them. Right? We are not in the business of AI slop, right? AI slop is so obvious and it feels like everything AI is AI slop, but that's because that's the only ones you notice. You don't notice the good AI stuff coming out there. your cell is you're going to sell them the good AI stuff that actually sounds like them. And you can do that by massaging system prompts and providing examples. Secondly, marketing is obviously a huge part of any business's success. And this allows teams to automate it, especially small teams that don't have someone dedicated to this task, right? And just like other things, this also comes in a variety of forms. I once worked with a client where they wanted to take Zoom calls that they did like they did like these like town halls essentially and then they wanted the transcript recorded chopped up and then turned into Twitter posts, right? Kind of random, but they paid for it, right? And all the way up to like, hey, we just want LinkedIn post. And again, you can also go down the rabbit hole of like V3 like video generation automations. Those are super fancy and they get a lot of views on YouTube, but they also have a high cost associated with each video. You will find, like all things, the simpler versions tend to sell the most because they're easy to explain. They're easy for them to understand, and they don't cost much on a peruse basis. So, you always want content automation stuff kind of in your back pocket. I don't think it's as popular as stuff like lead generation, rag, or the voice stuff, but know how to do it. All right, so that pretty much sums it up. Those are the four AI agents and automations you need to understand if you actually want to make money in the space, right? Rag, lead genen, voice, content. Really focus on rag. I think that's a huge foundational element because you can see it can apply to all of them. Every single thing we've talked about can have a rag foundation piece that kind of supercharges it. And then lead generation. Obviously, it's an easy sell. CL automations that get you more clients, leads to more money. And then voice agents. Hey, you could specialize in that completely and be fine. But don't get lost in the weeds, especially here on YouTube going down tutorial hell thinking you need to make these crazy wild AI agents, right? Like I need something crazy. No, this sells, right? You add some bells and whistles to this. This sells. You know what doesn't sell? This doesn't sell. Looks cool. A lot going on. Nobody uses this. Nobody wants to use this. Right? Keep it simple. Don't sell the tech. Sell the outcome. understand the foundational fundamental pieces of AI like building and you'll be okay. Now, as always, you can find all these templates and guides down in my free school. So, the templates are totally free. And if you're more interested in more the AI agencycentric stuff, like, okay, like how do I actually sell this and find clients, go ahead and check out Chase AI Plus. That's what that is all for. And you know, I take you from essentially step one all the way to step 1,000 of like, hey, how do I actually get this AI agency off the ground and running so you can get clients and turn this into a real career. All right, so let me know what you thought about these. Um, love to get your thoughts on this, especially from people who've been in the AI agency space. and I'll see you around.

=== The ULTIMATE n8n Agentic RAG System (SQL + GraphRAG) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTxghC1qHbw

How can we create a rag AI agent that can actually deal with our large Excel files? This is a question that doesn't really have a simple answer. And it's one that's overlooked in the vast majority of RAG tutorials that you see all over YouTube or anywhere else. And the reason for that is because you can't treat large Excel files the same way you do PDFs or Word docs when you're creating vector databases for most RAG ecosystems. It's not as simple as chunking up the data, turning it into a vector, and going from there. Because these large Excel files or Google Sheets are relational, they need full context. We can't just chop it up halfway through and expect our AI agent to give us correct answers. So, what do we do? Well, most people just ignore it. But in this video, I'm going to show you a rag AI agent that I believe solves this problem. This agent allows us to use Excel files inside of our rag system because it doesn't treat them as Excel files. It sends them to Superbase and turns them into proper database structures using Postgress. And by doing that, we're able to ask it questions and get accurate answers because we don't rely on vectorization. We're instead going to rely on SQL. But for you, the user, it all works the same. You just ask your agent a question in natural language, and you're going to get an answer back. So, in this video, I'm not only going to give you the template for this agent, but I'm going to explain how it all works, why certain decisions were made, and what you need to do to turn it into your own. So, with that, let's jump into it. All right, so here's a look at our AI agent. Now, the way this video is going to go is I'm going to kind of break down all the different sections of this agent so you understand what's going on big picture-wise and what to expect for the rest of the video. From there, we're going to jump into a little bit of theory. I'm going to explain how this works and why it works the way it does because you need to understand how sort of like vectorization works in normal rag systems to understand why we're doing what we're doing. And that fundamental understanding is crucial when it comes time for you to edit this yourself for your particular use case. After we get through the theory, we're going to come back to here and we're going to run some demos. And as we run through the demos, we're then going to go into each module one by one. And I'm going to explain to you what's happening, why it's working, and what you need to change if you want to make edits. All right, so let's jump into it. So up top, what do we got? Well, we just have our AI agent hub, right? This has all the different tools as well as a chat interface. For this video, we're just going to be using the basic naden chat, but understand you could change this to be whatever you want, right? This could be in Slack. You could have this operate in like email, anything, WhatsApp, Telegram, whatever. And you'll see down here some of the tools we have, right? We're using Postgress memory. So, we're not just using simple memory anymore. And then I'll go through some of these later in more detail. You'll also notice we have graph rag in here. If you have not watched the graph rag video yet, you do not have to to understand this video, but I'm going to link it up here right now. I highly suggest going through it because the template you get here is one that includes graph functionality. You can not only do Excel files, but you can also have a rag system that deals with your documents. And on that note, this whole template is available for you for free. Just go down below, go to my free school, go to this lesson. It's going to be called like a gentagram or something, whatever I decide to call it. Download the template, upload it, and you can follow along really easily. Now, coming down below, we also have a data ingestion pipeline. So, this is how our Excel file goes into our database, goes into Superbase. So essentially everything's going to be happening from a Google drive. So we're going to have a folder in Google Drive like you see here that every file that gets dumped into it then gets either vectorized in a graph database or it's going to be sent to a Postgress table. So this is essentially the section of the agent that takes our data from your computer from your cloud wherever and turns it into something that your rag AI agent can use. Lastly down here we have different sort of data sync pipelines. This one here and here, that's for syncing the data. If we ever delete a document, so if I delete an Excel file in my Google Drive, right, our little waiting room, this is going to make sure it gets deleted inside of Superbase, right? And kind of same token, if I were to ever edit one of my Excel files, let's say I'm actually changing things in there, this makes sure whatever edits I make inside of Google Drive show up inside of Superbase, inside my rag system. So this is just to make sure this is actually kind of a production ready thing and we're not just throwing stuff into Superbase as a cool demo for YouTube and if you ever try to use it in reality it would break. You know this thing can be used for real. You can make edits. You can delete things. It will be synced and it will be usable. So that's the highle infrastructure of the agent. Now let's kind of talk a little bit about what's going on. So, if you watched the graph rag video, you would know we went into this kind of deeply, but I'm going to go over this very quickly before. Naive rag, traditional rag, how does it work and why does it not work for Excel files? Why does this video even need to exist? Well, remember when we are creating a rag system? How does it usually work? You have a bunch of documents. Each document then becomes chunked up. If I have a thousandpage document, it does not go into the vector database as a thousandpage document. Instead, it actually becomes like 10,000 little chunks, right? So, imagine this page getting into three different chunks, right? Chunk one, chunk two, chunk three. Works great in text. From there, what happens? Well, each chunk becomes a embedding, right? So, this chunk becomes an embedding. And embedding is just a mathematical like equation essentially. It's a bunch of numbers. We're taking text and we're turning into numbers. From there, what happens? Well, those numbers then become a vector. So what you see here is chunk 3 being depicted as a vector, right? Imagine this is like a three-dimensional graph. In reality, it's actually way more dimensions, but you see how we've gone from a document, one coherent thing, into a chunk into some math into a vector. And when you ask a question of your AI agent, that's a rag agent. How does it work? Well, your question also becomes an embedding. So imagine your question became this series of numbers. It then takes those numbers and it says, "hm, which of these vectors are closest to the question, right? These numbers, which one is closest?" Let's say says it's chunk three. It says, "Great. Oh, chunk three was closest to the question. That has to be the answer." It then takes chunk three and probably several other chunks near it. And then what does it do? It brings it back to your AI agent. Your AI agent takes all those chunks, does it AI magic, and says, "Hey, here's the answer." This works for text documents. Why? Because chunk three like key agenda items. If I ask for Q4 2023 finances, it can give me all this. It doesn't necessarily need all this information, right? So chunking works. Chunking does not work with Excel. Where do I chunk here? How can I chunk up this document so I get the right answer when I say, you know, hey, what was the last name of order ID 1017? Well, you might say like, oh, it'll just go here. It'll say Chen. Well, how does it know this is the last name, right? It's all the way up here. What if this whole section was what was chunked, right? Furthermore, what if I ask a question like, hey, what was the highest price order item for the last 7 days? Well, to understand that it needs to have everything, right? Because it needs to compare items. It needs to be relational. I can't take a small chunk out of here and think I'm going to get the correct answer if I ask something that requires contacts from the top and bottom. That's a serious problem. Furthermore, this this whole thing, this is semantics. This is meanings of words. The way AI figures out, hey, what this chunk means and what chunk is closer and how it gets depicted, that's all like fuzzy AI like meanings of words. What does Q4 2023 financial review mean? It's not a math question. It's not an exact science. But when you're dealing with things like Excel and I'm asking for specific price in comparison to everything else, that needs to be exact. It can't be semantic. It needs to essentially be a math equation. So between the chunking and the fact that when it comes to, you know, letters and documents and written text, it tends to be more like meaning based, you see how you run into a problem almost immediately when you start being like, hm, how can I get my rag AI agent to deal with large Excel files? That is the problem we're solving in this video. And if you already understood that, I'm sorry for ranting for a few minutes, but you need to understand why the normal way doesn't work to understand why we're doing what we're about to do. So, what is it that we're actually going to do? Well, we're going to be taking Excel files and Google Sheets that look like this, and we are going to be turning it into Postgress tables that look like this. Well, Chase, this looks exactly the same. Why am I taking my Excel file and doing all this nonsense to throw it inside a superbase to make it a Postgress table? I don't even know what Postgress is. What the heck is the point of this? Well, the reason is because I can ask questions about this this Postgress table using something called SQL SQL structured query language and get accurate answers back every single time. And I can't do that with this. I can't do that with Excel. And this is why when you talk to people who are in actual businesses, like medium-sized businesses, larger scale businesses, their database is not Excel. Okay? We're trying to do a workaround here because either you or your client, and this is going to be very common with the clients you're going to be dealing with in the AI agency space, they use Excel, they use Google sheet as their database. That's not the right way to do it, but they're not going to stop. So, we need a solution to this problem of people who want rag AI agents hooked up to their sad Excel databases. And this is how we do it. We take their database and we turn it into a Postgress table because Postgress is a proper database and it allows us to use SQL to ask questions about it. And what is SQL? SQL is like essentially a baby coding language. That's what SQL is. But you don't need to know SQL. You know why? You know who knows SQL? AI knows SQL. And so what happens is all this right here execute SQL query. What's it doing? You ask AI a question about your Excel file. So, let's bring this up. Let's ask it a question about this. Let's ask um hey, what what did Bob Smith order? Let's ask that question. So, let's go into our agent. Let's actually see this work for real. What did Bob Smith order on 816? So, what what's happening here? What are we looking at? Well, we'll go into this in more detail later, but for you to understand, what AI is doing is it's going to create a SQL query. It's essentially creating this mini line of code that it is then going to use on this database to get the answer we want. Which means we can now get accurate answers using SQL without knowing SQL. And so we have now solved the problem that we talked about earlier, right? Where it's like there's chunking and it's semantic and it's not math and it's not accurate. Well, we solved that. We skipped all this nonsense. We're not vectorizing. We're instead turning it into Postgress tables. we're turning into a true database that we can then run our mini code, our SQL on and the AI handles all of it from your front end. It's all the same. You're just chatting with AI and it's doing all this in the background. Which means I now get an answer like you see below where it tells me exactly what Bob Smith ordered. Gives me the order ID, the date, the product, the quantity analysis, all tons of insights. Insights that would be impossible to get accurately if we were just shoving Excel in there. That is why this video was made. That is why you need to understand creating some sort of SQL rag agent. And that is how you can deal with your clients that are like, I want my rag database put inside my AI rag agent. Well, it's like you're not using a real database, but I'll do it. I got you. You're just going to have to pay me. So hopefully that's that kind of gives you an understanding of what the heck we're doing. What's the point of this, right? Excel sucks. Excel isn't a true database, but we want their Excel database in the rag agent. How do we do it? We take Excel and we turn it into a Postgress table and then we use SQL SQL to run mini code on the table to get us the answers we want. And again, if you're still super confused what the heck is SQL, we can actually go into the logs here. All right, you see this up here on the top right? That's what was created. This is SQL. The SQL query select order ID blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. That's what's happening and that's the output on the bottom that gives us the information we wanted. This little SQL query that was created, that's what's going on in the background. That's the real gold of this AI agent system, right? So there you have it. All right. So now we have an understanding of kind of what's happening and why we're doing it. So now you should have a little bit better appreciation for this data ingestion pipeline. Right? Everything you see here, right? everything in the green and the blue. That is the process by which we take that Excel file, right? This guy and turn it into this guy. And so let's actually start here. This is where I want to start so you can understand how the data is moving from left to right in our system. So everything needs to start with some sort of trigger so it's automated. Now, if you watched my previous video on the graph rag system, this will look very familiar to you. Why does it look familiar? because we're using the same exact folder, right? We have this folder inside of our Google Drive. You can name this whatever you want. Mine's called light rag demo, but this is just a central like holding location where whenever I want a file to be inside my rag system, I don't want to have to go into Postgress and do it all manually. I just want to dump it into a Google Drive and just know it's going to automatically take care of it. That's what this folder is. So, you need to create some sort of folder in your Google Drive. Call it rag, call it whatever. And it's going to be your one-stop shop for all the documents, right? This is where you place documents you want in there. This is where you delete your documents. You can even edit them from inside here. And it will all be handled automatically and update everything in rag. You'll see here on the bottom, we have the graph rag text ingestion as well. This template includes not only the Excel pieces, but it also includes all the graph rag infrastructure from my previous video. So again, I'll link it one more time. I highly suggest you check it out because this is actually what is like pillar one and two of a true rag, right? Everything today, right, we're focused on Excel stuff, but this is what deals with text, right? And it deals with it really, really well. And so this pipeline handles both automatically. We have this if statement right here. And what is this checking? Well, this is just checking to see all right, is the file a Google sheet or is it an Excel file? That's all that it's checking. And if it's a Google sheet or Excel file, it goes up top and deals with all this stuff. And if not, it's like a text document, a PDF, whatever. It goes down here. It goes into our graph rag system. So this is how it's able to intelligently figure out which branch it should go through. Now, like we talked about before, we have our Excel to Postgress database. So it's going to loop over all the items. So you can dump as many as you want there. It's going to handle it one by one. It downloads the file. It then extracts all the information from the file. also gets all the rows, all the headers. And then we have this code note. And this code note does a couple things. Now, very scary code. 150 lines. You think I wrote all this? No, I didn't write a single line. You know who did? Gemini. Actually, I really like Gemini. But let me tell you what's happening here. There's a few things happening. So, this code node does a couple things. One, it creates the table. So, it creates essentially that empty warehouse where all our data is going to go. And then it fills that warehouse with all the data from the cells. Now, it needs to do this somewhat intelligently because some things are text, some things are dates, some things need to be changed because the formatting isn't correct. This code node handles all of it. And then once it does that, it just repeats the cycle for each and every file. Now, we can actually see this in action if we go to executions and we take a look at when I uploaded one. So, here we actually uploaded two at the same time and that's why you see it looping over two items here. So, right, file was created. It saw it was an Excel file. It starts looping, downloads, extracts, and then you see this code node. And you can see here on the right might be a little tough, but it created this SQL thing, right? Remember the whole SQL thing I keep talking about? That's what's happening here. This is the SQL code to create a new table, and it creates it intelligently based on the headers from the Excel file, right? So, it's able to like, oh, the these are the headers. able to intelligently recognize the headers and then when it creates the table create those same headers up here. But you'll notice it does a few things as well. It also like puts an underscore here. So it makes it easier to create more SQL commands down the road. It actually changes the name a little bit to get rid of like the file ender. So it doesn't say like xlsx. It actually does a lot of quality life for a lot of quality of life stuff for you in the background. So it gives us gives us the table, gives us the name and then it cleans all the data. Right? You see that right here, right? Executes it, inserts the rows, repeat, repeat, repeat. That's the data in ingestion piece. Now that you understand how data gets to our system, let's talk a little bit about our AI agent itself. What's happening with this guy? Well, like I said, we have our chat message here. Let's take a look at our system prompt, which is always extremely important. So, here's the system prompt. And remember, the first thing this AI agent is going to do once it gets your question is figure out which path do I go down? Remember, there's two paths. The first path is this one we've been talking about today, right? The Postgress path, the one for all our Excel files and Google Sheets. But we also have a second piece of our rag ecosystem. And that is our knowledge graph, our graph rag. Everything we talked about in my previous video, make sure you check it out. And so it needs to figure out, okay, is this question about documents that would be here or is about database stuff that would be here? It's going to have to kind of figure it out somewhat intelligently just based on the nature of your question. And then once it figures out what path to go down, it then has specific rules for each. So right here is the SQL one where we're saying, "Hey, I want you to do schema discovery," which we'll talk about here in a second. Execute the query and give me analysis. And then if it's doing the graph rag tool, we're just saying, "Hey, send it straight to the graph rag. Let light rag on the background figure all this out. Then just give us the answer it provides you." Now, where can you change things here? Where can things go wrong? We're telling it right now to just be smart about it based on our question. If you wanted to take this a step further, what you could do is you could say, "Hey, this is everything inside my Postgress database." Like just general knowledge like it's going to have graphs on it's going to have databases on employee data and order info. And then I could say, hey, for my graph rag stuff, this has stuff like meeting notes, right? This has stuff like chat histories, whatever. you can put that inside the system prompt so it can more accurately know which branch to go down because right now I haven't given it any info. I'm like, "Hey, figure it out based on the question, right?" So, it's kind of in the dark, but you can give it to the answers to the test, right? You can say, "Hey, like if I ask you a question about order info or employee data, go do go do the SQL stuff. If not, do graph rag, right?" So, you can help it out. Feel free to edit that here, but everything else should be good to go. All right. Now, let's kind of walk through what happened when we asked it the question earlier about Bob's order. So, let's walk through it. We asked the question, went through chat, it goes to the AI agent, and then it figures out, hm, which path do I go down? It intelligently figured out, hey, we're going to do the SQL query thing, right? But to do a SQL query, you know, it needs some information. It needs information about the database, the the table itself. It needs to know the headers. It needs to know what data is in there. How does it know what's there? How does it even know what's available? Well, that's where we have this get database schema. We have it run this tool, this get database schema, which is this automation right here, which allows it to look at all the tables inside of our Superbase system and see how they're set up, what the schema is. The schema is like the blueprint of the table. It doesn't need to know the exact data inside, but it does need to know how it's set up. It needs to know, oh, there's a name section, there's an email section, a department section, right? And once it has that blueprint, then it's able to do the query using SQL to get the information. So, it needs to know the blueprint and once it has the blueprint, it does the code and then once it runs the code, it gets the answer and gives the answer to you. That's the path it goes down. And we can see that whole process occur if we look at the logs. So right question question gets asked it's put into chat memory the model's doing its thing but you see here get database schema and I'll move my thing over here right what do you see on the output this is it breaking down all the information of all the tables and all the columns right it's getting the blueprint from there it brings it back to AI and then it executes the query right this is the query it created and it was only able to do a correct query because it knew the blueprint so it does the query it gets the answer. Answer goes back to AI. Answer goes to you. Okay. So now you should be a total expert on sort of the flow of data when we ask a question to how you get the answer and you should also be a complete expert on how all this data is ingested. Right. Of course. All right. So the last part we need to go over is sort of this data syncing. Okay. So like I said we have this light light rag data cleanup. This is for our graph rag. Again last video we went over this. We have a similar one down here and I'll show you how it works once we delete the data. But we also have the Excel edit syncs. So often times these Excel files are a living document, right? It's not great practice to assume nobody's going to edit them. So how do we do that? Well, again, this becomes another like shortcoming of Excel because what you would think would happen would be, hey, I come in here and I change the price per item up here where it says 1,200, right? Kind of zoom in. If I change this to 3,000, you would assume that over here in order info, this would also change to 30,000 automatically. That would be the case if you were using a proper database system that had some front end attached to this. That is not how it works in Excel and it's yet another Excel shortcoming. But we get around it. How do we get around it? Well, what happens is this triggers when there's been an edit in the file and then for all intents and purposes, it's going to nuke that table. It's going to wipe all of its info and then it's going to re-upload it with the new information. Is that the most elegant way to go about it? Unfortunately, it kind of is when it comes to this Excel, you know, thing we've got done. And as I've kind of like beaten into you by now, this whole thing is a workaround because people love Excel and they love Google Sheets and they'll never get off them and they want the benefits of a true database at the same time. This is how we get around it. There's no other way to really do this. Well, there is, but it's actually not worth the hassle. And that would be us grabbing every single row, grabbing every single column, comparing it to the new one. It's not worth it. This takes half of a second if even and it's just fine for now, right? So that's what's happening here, right? And so it also checks like, hey, same kind of thing before. Is it a Excel file? Is it a sheet cuz we don't want to do it as documents. Executes the query to remove all the data. Downloads the file extraction and pretty much does the same thing up here. It does it down here, but it doesn't recreate the table cuz that table's already there. We're just filling in the information. So that's how that works. So you are able to come in here and change data and have it get updated accordingly. Lastly, we have data cleanup. So what happens if I delete some Excel documents inside my Google Drive? Does it automatically get deleted inside of Superbase over here? Well, not really. But with this automation, it does. So how does it work? Well, let me show you. So if I come into Google Drive and I decide, hey, you know what? I don't care about info more employee data. Delete it. get rid of all it. Well, what's going to happen? Let's see. We're going to go to executions and we're going to find out what happens. Well, actually, no, we don't have to do executions. I'm sorry. Uh, let me just we'll run it right now. Let me just get rid of these triggers. I come down here and we're going to execute workflow and we'll see what happens. All right. So, what happens is it gets all the file IDs from inside of drive. So it gets all these file ids and then it gets all the table information inside of Postgress. It then merges them and it compares them and it says hey what's inside superbase what's inside here that's not inside here right what's orphaned and it then deletes whatever is orphaned. So that way if it gets deleted inside of Google Drive which is your one-stop shop for everything it'll get deleted inside of Superbase. And this is runs on a trigger. It's set for every 24 hours. You can adjust it as you wish. It's also smart enough to ignore certain tables. So in this case, it ignores N chat histories even though that's not in Google Drive. So you'll see now that's the only thing in there. So I want to just really quickly talk about this unrestricted stuff in the roadle security. Long story short, what you're seeing right now is a system that's built for a single user, right? And the permissions you have inside of NN bypass things like role level security. Anyways, so for this demo, it doesn't really matter. Now, if you're doing a multi-user setup, you will have to create new users inside of Superbase and give them appropriate permissions and edit the tables accordingly. I'm not going to deep dive that into this video. AI can actually walk you through that very very well. Just understand if you are going into a multi-user setup with your agent in production, there are a few more steps down the line. And lastly, in this video, I'm not going to dive super deep into how to set up superbase and everything. You should have seen that in previous videos. But for Postgress, cuz I know someone's going to ask about it. Come to connect, go down to transaction pooler. All the parameters you need are here. So all in all, what do you get? You get a system that's able to take in our Excel documents and properly ingest them into Superbase. We're able to delete it on one side and have it sync up. We're able to edit it on one side and have it also sync up. And we have a rag system that's able to intelligently figure out what tables we have, how they're set up, and then create SQL queries to give us correct answers. That's what's happening. That's what this video was all about. Right? So also on top of that, we also have all the graph, right? So this is really two systems in one. In reality, what you should do is you should have watched the previous graph rag video, set all that up, come here, downloaded this new template, and set it all up as well. All right, so I think that kind of covers it. We went through a lot pretty quickly and as you saw, it's a little bit involved, but once you understand the logic of it, like why are we doing what we're doing, right? Why are we going through all this trouble to turn something from an Excel file and send it into Postgress, it becomes a little more clear, right? And once you understand that fundamental clarity, you see like, oh, this actually can do a lot when I'm able to separate my rag ecosystem in the one section that's for like SQL, Postgress, Excel files, right? And I treat it like that. And I have another section for more traditional rag, whether that's just your normal vectorization or you take it a step further with graph rag. You can create a really robust rag AI agent where I just ask it questions in plain language and it does what it needs to do to give me accurate answers, right? and we're not going to hallucinate on these chopped up Excel files that just like it isn't realistic. Like that's not good enough. This is good enough. And so make sure you check out the school, download the template, get this working for yourself. Let me know in the comments what you thought um and what issues you ran into. I'm really excited about this one. This actually took um a lot of work. Um, and as always, I'll see you guys

=== The BEST n8n RAG System for Unreal Performance (LightRAG No Code Guide) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGRO2FHOOCU

How the heck do I make my rag AI agents more accurate? This is a question that you have 100% asked yourself if you spent any time at all building rag systems. And the answer that I propose for this question is graph rag. Now what is graph rag? Well, you know how traditional or naive rag works, right? You have your documents, it gets chunked up, it goes into embedding and goes into a vector database, right? Well, graph rag takes it a step further where we aren't just using a vector database. We're using a knowledge graph. And that knowledge graph is essentially taking that vector database but defining the relationships between each vector. And why do we care about that? Well, because it gives us more accurate answers, which solves our problem in part of how do we make rag systems that actually work. And yet, finding information about how to integrate graph into AI agents on platforms like NAN is really hard to find. So, in this video, I'm going to pull back the curtain on all this. I'm going to show you how graph rack works, how we integrate it to naden, and how we can actually make this production ready. And with that, let's jump into it. Okay, so this is how the rest of the video is going to go. First, I'm going to talk about kind of how rag works. What's naive rag? What's traditional rag? What's graph rag? What's going on under the hood, right? It's really important you understand this. Next, we're going to actually create our graph rag system. So, we're going to be using light rag in this instance. Light rag is open source. It allows us to self-host it anywhere. You can even locally host it. In this video, we're going to use render because it's really quick, really simple to demo. Lastly, we're going to go inside of Naden and connect all those dots. So, that's how it's going to work. And let's start with the explanations. So, first naive rag. This is traditional rag. This is all the rag that you see on YouTube with anything creators, right? Where they're using superbase or pine cone. They're putting some sort of documents into it and then it's vectorzing it and then they ask questions about what's in the vector database. So, how does that work? A quick review over here on the left, what do we have? We have all of our documents, right? These are all the documents we're going to put into our vector database. Each document is then chunked, right? If I have a 100page document, it doesn't just put it all in as a 100page document into the vector database. It becomes like a,000 10,000 different chunks, right? This just makes it smaller and easier for the large language model to find what it needs to answer your questions. And the way that actually works is each chunk becomes an embedding, right? So chunk three, for example, becomes this embedding up here. And each embedding is just a bunch of numbers, right? Here just those three. It could be 10, 20, 30, a billion numbers, right? In theory. But it's just taking that chunk and turning it into some sort of mathematical figure. From there, the embeddings go into the vector database. So in this case, this embedding that was chunk three became this blue embedding right here, which is represented by man. Now pretend it says chunk three instead. So it goes in the vector here. This could be vector 2. This could be vector 1. This could be vector 4. Right? You kind of see what's happening here. It's taking the chunks and it's putting it onto a graph. Right? In this case, it's a three-dimensional graph. In reality, it's hundreds of dimensions. Now when I go to my AI agent and I ask it a question and I say hey tell me you know about let's say Q4's 2023 financial review but what happens is that question that query also becomes an embedding which gets sent to the vector database and then AI says hm which embedding is that question closest to in this case it would be closest to this one right this vector up here imagine this says chunk 3 my question had to do with Q4 financial data which was in chunk three. So it would go right here like all right that's the vector that it's closest to let's grab that and in fact it might grab 2 3 4 5 six other chunks that are close to that embedding and then it takes that embedding and takes all those embeddings right all those different vectors it found gives it to AI which then gives you your answer right that's rag it retrieves the vectors it augments that information to its answer then generates you an answer that's how vector databases work that's how traditional naive rag works and sometimes we put a spin on it. We put a reanker, right? We give it some bells and whistles, but that's how it works traditionally. Now, as an analogy, think of it as a library. Okay? Each book is a vector. Each vector is a chunk. And the AI in this case is the librarian. You're asking it, hey, tell me about Q4 financial data. And they're going to say, which book is closest to Q4 financial data? And it's going to bring it to you. Traditional rag. So, now let's talk about graph rag has a lot of similarities. We still chunk, we still embed, we still vectorize, but in parallel at the same time we are doing entity and relationship extraction. So as it's chunking up those documents and looking at what's inside, it's defining what are the entities in this document, what are the relationships between entities and then it's usually pulling those as triplets, right? So for example, look at this one right here. This chunk right here, you see we have a number of attendees. Each attendee is going to be considered an entity, right? And there's a relationship between all these different entities. One, they're all in this board meeting. Two, they all probably talked about the key agenda items. But you can see like there's a bunch of relationships you could pull just from the singular page. And the way it often pulls them is something akin to this, right? We have the entity, which is Sarah Chen. We have the relationship. She is the CEO of Chase AI. And it's usually pulled as a triplet which would be Sarah is CEO of Chase AI subject predicate object. And it does this over and over and over as it goes through the document. And as it does this it creates nodes and it creates edges. The entities become nodes and the relationships become edges. And so what does graph rag do with all that information? Well, it creates what you see here and that's a knowledge graph. So these circles, right, Alex Harrison for example, that is an entity aka a node. And the connections you see between the different circles, the dots, the nodes, those are edges. Those are the relationships between them. So that's what it builds. And so it's kind of simplistic, but imagine if we got rid of all those connections. Think of that as vectors. Think of that as just a vector database. And with a graph rag, we're now making connections between them, which allows the AI to give us more insight when we actually ask it questions. And so all that leads to this which is increased performance. Now this graph comes from light rag. So it shows them just killing it. They're even whooping Microsoft's graph rag which is a pretty robust graph rag system. But big picture what are we seeing here? We're just seeing better performance. Right? We are getting something tangible from these relationships that are built and that's better accuracy. But this performance does come at a cost. Literally it will cost you more money to run graph rag systems. Right? We get the pros answer accuracy context. It's a better product. But in terms of cost, it's there. For example, I shoved in all the Lord of the Rings, like all three books, which comes out to like a,200 page PDF. That cost me from embeddings alone about $8. And that was using GBT5 Nano. So that's a very cheap model, and it's pretty fast. But in terms of speed, it also took it about an hour and a half to do that. So 1,200 pages becomes $8 and an hour and a half of your time. Understand that going in. All right, that's enough theory. Let's actually build something finally. So what we're going to do now is we're going to go into render and we're going to build our server where we are going to host light rag which will be our rag ecosystem. All right. You're going to head to render.com and you're going to create an account. Then you're going to go to dashboard. You're going to go to web service and then this is where we are going to give it the light rag image. So you're going to go to existing image. All right. Now we need to give it the latest docker image for light rag and you can get that from here which is on their GitHub. I have a link to it down below. So you're just going to copy this. So it's just docker pole and then it's the image URL and then we're pasting that in here. Now we're going to do connect. Essentially what that's going to do is it's going to take everything we need to get our light rag server up and running and it's giving it to render. So once we spin this up, it's all set and ready to go. But there are a few settings we are going to have to change down below. So for the name, I'm just going to call it LR test. Don't need to do anything for the project for the region. Just do what's closest to you. Now, you need to at least do the starter plan because if you do the free plan, it's just not going to be enough power for it to work. You can try it on the free plan, but you'll probably run into issues. Starter at the minimum. And then also, this becomes a thing of scale, right? Let's say you're working with a client that has thousands and thousands of documents. You're probably going to need something a little bigger than starter, maybe standard, maybe pro. Maybe look at local hosting options. Remember, LightRag is open source, so you have every option under the sun when it comes to putting it somewhere to go to work. So, just understand when you're using this in production or in particular use cases, something like the starter may or may not be enough, but for today, it will be. So, again, at least do the $7 a month. All right. Then down here, we have environmental variables. These are essentially the settings for our server. So, this is where we're going to put our API keys for the large language model that it's going to use. This is where we do the embedding settings. This is where we do the re-ranking settings, right? There's actually a lot of settings we need to change, which makes this section a little bit painful, but it's going to take us about 5 minutes, maybe 10 if you're slow. Uh, but you only need to do it once. So, what environmental variables do we need to put? Where do we get this information? Well, we're going to go back to their GitHub. So, I'm in here and click back up on Light Rag and we see all this stuff, right? You feel free to play around here. Um, LightRag actually has a ton of information on their GitHub page, but what we are looking for is the here the EMV. And so what we see here is this is all the settings we are able to play around with inside our server. Quite a few, right? 303 lines. Now there's five things we need to change. Well, five sections. And each section has a couple parts. We're going to need to change first the user settings, right? So we can actually log into this thing. So to do that, we're going to scroll back up to the top. And what we're looking for is this O accounts and token secret. So line 44 and 45, I want you to copy this. Just highlight and copy those two parts. Go back into render and then go to add from MV. From there, I want you to paste it. We need to get rid of these hashtags. That would comment it out. So you get rid of those hashtags and then you need to put in your off account information. So it's going to be username colon password. So it could be Chase colon password. obviously do something better than that. Same thing with your token secret. Call it something password. I'll be deleting all this later, so don't worry. So add variables. We've added those two. And now we're going to repeat this process for the rest of the stuff we need to do. All right. Next one we need is the API key. So line 51. Copy that. Add from environment. Or if you're just doing one at a time, you can also just do add environment variable. Right? I paste that in there. And then I put in my password. Next. Now, let's do the re-ranker. So, we're going to copy all this lines 77 through 84. Go to add from EMV. Paste it in there. And then get rid of all the text ones. So, the first two lines. Get rid of that. Get rid of the found. Boom. Boom. Boom. Whoops. Don't delete and important stuff. And it should look like this. So there should be five things. Enable rerank, min reank, rerank model, rerank binding host, and rerank binding API key. So what are we going to use for our reinker? Well, we are going to be using cohhere. Now, we've used cohhere in previous videos when we do rag. So you're just going to go coher.com. You're going to sign in. You're going to have to add some sort of billing. Very, very cheap, right? Each time we use our rag system, you're fractions of a penny. So just give them a couple bucks. But you're going to sign in. And then once you're inside, you're going to go to the left, go to API keys, and you're going to create a new production key. So I'm gonna call this test test two. Generate production key. Copy this. Don't worry, I'll delete mine later. Go back into render and then where it says API key. Paste that in there. Now for the host, it's going to be httpsi.co.com/v2. cohhere.com/v2/rank. Then the model is coher-v3.5. So this is what yours should look like if you're using cohhere, which I recommend. All right, so now let's do the large language model. So I want you to do lines 122 through 125. Copy that. Back to render, add from ENB. Paste it in. So we're going to use OpenAI. We're going to do uh GPT5. So GPT-5- nano. This is a small model. It's fast and that's what we want, right? Binding host, you can remain the same, but now you need to go get your OpenAI API key. Now, I'm going to assume you've done something like this before, but in case you haven't, just Google OpenAI API. It's going to get you to somewhere right here. You're then going to create an account. You're going to come up to the right where it says settings, right? You're going to go to billing and you're going to add some funds. After you add some funds, again, 5 10 15 bucks. Go down to API keys. Create a new API key. and have this page open because we're going to come to it again. So, copy that back into render. Paste it in there. Right. So, OpenAI GPT5 Nano. Keep that the same. Put in your key. Add variables. Sweet. Couple more to go and we're almost done. All right. Next is embedding. So, this is lines 169 through 173. So, copy that into render. Add from AMV. Paste it in there. Now, first thing, the API key. Remember I told you to keep it up. Copy it. Back to render. Paste it in. Now, we don't want to do embedding three large. We want to do embedding three small. The embedding dim or dimensions is going to be 1536. And I almost forgot. Make sure you delete all delete out the comments. So, should look like this. Open AAI text embedding throwing small 1536. Keep the same host and put in your API key. Add the variables. There we go. All right. We have one last thing we need to do cuz I overlooked it before. I want you to go to lines 106 through 112 and copy that. Add from me and V. Open this up again. Let's get rid of some of this. Don't need that. Don't need that. Don't need that. So, should look like this. And then from the top, we're going to change these to 12, 3, 24, and 100. Now, these are going to be a function of the power of the server you're running on. So, these aren't always going to be exactly the same. If you're doing something stronger, you can bump it up. Or if you're doing something smaller, you can bump it down. Feel free to play with these numbers, but start with start with there and add the variables. And we're done. All right, we're done playing with the variables. Now, go to advanced and go to add disk. And here you're going to do slashapp slashdata. Then, all I want you to do is deploy the web service. and it's going to get up and running. Now, once your project's up and running from the dashboard, it will look like this. Project name and a green check mark. And then once inside the project, you'll see a link to where you can get to it from here, right? You'll see this link. I click on it. And from there, it will bring you to your actual Lightra instance. And then, so you're just going to use the username and password that we set in our environment variables, whatever that is. All right. And like that, you have your light rag server up and running. So, this is mine. I already have some documents inside of it, but let me give you the lay of the land real quick. So, we're on the documents page, which shows everything we've given it, right? Gives you the status, the name, the length, the chunks, all that good stuff. You have processing, pending, failed, and completed. Pretty self-explanatory. We have a pipeline status, which will show you what's going on with your latest documents or what's happening at that current time. Up top, we have the knowledge graph. And so, this is the actual knowledge graph that I was talking about before, right? This shows us all our entities and all our relationships. As I look at this knowledge graph, I can click on different ones. And you'll see some stuff here on the right. So I have like the ID, the labels, how far away it is from our center node. And then I'll see things like description, right? The name, the type, the sources. So what is the actual source document that we found this entity? And then the actual chunk. And then below we can actually see the different relations. So all the other nodes it's directly connected with. Now we're on the retrieval page, and this is where you can actually query your rag database. So I can ask it questions like I did up here and it'll give me a full-blown response including references. Over here on the right we have our parameters. Query mode are the different types of essentially retrieval it's using. So we have naive which is what we talked about before right where just goes to the vectors itself and just picks like the closest sounding book. And then we have mix. So mix is essentially a mix of traditional and graph rag. So it will start it search semantically. So to figure out where it needs to go on this knowledge graph, it first does semantic search, right? It goes to the librarian and asks which book is the most similar, right? And then that will get it to a certain node and from there it will then traverse the nodes to get the answer it wants, right? This helps it be a little bit quicker. Next we have things like response format. You don't need to play around with the top K or the chunk. What you do want to pay attention to is the max total tokens because this can be a token um heavy task. So, you probably want to keep max tokens at a reasonable amount. 32k to start, I think, is good because if you just let that run wild, they can like really burn through them. And then you always want to make sure you enable rerank and stream response. But feel free to play around with it here. Lastly, we have our API page. And you're going to get pretty familiar with this one because we're going to need everything in here to connect this bad boy to NAN, right? So, we'll dive into this in a little bit, but this is where we're going to get all our information about like what should those HTTP requests actually look like? Well, we just come here and we're going to get curls and then we're going to import that into naden. All right. So, before we jump into naden and connect all this, what I want to do is test it out first. So, I want you to find some documents that you want to test with this rag system. It can be two documents, three documents, 10 documents, whatever. Go ahead, go to upload and just dunk them in. Make sure they're text documents. So, text, markdown, docx, even PDF is fine. Just don't have it just be straight images because it does need to extract the text. And then the more documents you put in there, the longer it's going to take. But hey, that's just part of the game with graph rag. I uploaded 13 documents corresponding to 13 different media notes for my company, Chase AI. They're fake documents. They tell a fake story about this company going through all these different funding routes. Okay? And so once you do that and you upload them, I want you to go to retrieval. Let's clear all this. And I want you to ask it some questions. And I want you to ask it questions that aren't just basic like frequently asked questions things, right? Like don't just ask like what was revenue for this month, right? Like something that's clearly stated there. No, I want you to ask it questions that sort of have something to do with the relationships between all these documents, right? Cuz we're doing a knowledge graph. We're going a step further than just basic traditional RAG. Put it through the paces and see how it does. So the question I'm going to ask it is map how the executive team structure changed throughout 2024 and how these changes influenced major strategic decisions. Right? That's not a simple FAQ question. It actually needs to do some thinking and tie multiple documents together. All right. So here's the response it gave me kind of breaks it up into three parts. The first part it gives me an overview of the executive changes, right? Like so like what are the facts? What happened? What did it find inside the documents? Right? And it also sources it throughout. Next, it goes into the part we care about, which is like how did this influence major decisions. This takes a little bit of like nuance and thinking and this is where we really make our money when it comes to graph rag. And then lastly, it gives us a summary. Love it. Gives me all the references. This is exactly where graph rag excels. Taking this disperate information, finding the relationships, and then giving me insights that I can actually use. Now let's go into the last part of this video and show you how you can actually put all this inside of an NAN AI agent ecosystem. Okay, so here we are inside of NAND and we have this system broken up into three parts. First is the AI agent piece and this is obviously very simple. We just have our chat message trigger alongside an HTTP request to our light rag system. So it can answer whatever questions we give it. Now obviously you could add more tools here. You can integrate this however you want. This is just a skeleton for you to improve as you wish. Next is the data pipeline piece and this is how we actually get documents ingested into our light rag system without having to go to light rag and manually put documents inside it one by one. That's not realistic. That's not production level. Instead, what we're doing is we have it hooked up to our Google Drive. And so we're going to have a folder inside of our Google Drive where every time you put a document inside of that folder, it's going to automatically get sent to LightRag vectorzed and put into the knowledge graph. This can handle multiple documents at once. And LightRag automatically makes sure no duplicates get sent over. Last is our data cleanup piece. And so what do we do when we don't have documents we want to use anymore? Well, you don't need to go to LightRag and do it one by one. Instead, just go to your Google Drive, delete it, and whenever this runs, it's going to automatically figure out which documents are orphaned inside of light rag, aka what's inside of light rag that's not inside of Google Drive. Well, it's going to identify those and delete them. So your Google Drive and Light rag are always synced. Now, you obviously don't want to build out this whole template by hand. So, I'm giving you the template for free. Down below is my school. It's totally free. Just go there, sign up, go to the graph rag lesson, and download the template. That simple. And you're going to have this completely built out for you. You're just going to have to go through each module and update it with your information. And I'm going to show you which ones you need to update and how that works. So, if you haven't done that already, pause the video, go do that. That way, you can follow along for the rest of the video and it'll be as painless as possible for you. All right. Once you download and then upload that template, first place we're going to go to is the graph rag module. Now, this is the module that's used to send the query to our light rag server so we can get the answers about our rag questions. Now, what do you need to change? What do you need to update? Well, what you need to change is the URL, right? And what you also need to change is your API key. So, this API key is whatever you put inside that environmental variable for API keys, right? Remember when we were spinning up that render server? down here is what we actually pass. So we pass the query which is mapped to the chat input. So whatever I tell the AI agent that's what's the value that's put here. So you can see I sent it a question earlier. You know the same one I did before map how the executive team structure changed right mode is mixed. You don't need to change that. Now how do I find my URL? Well I want you to go back to light rag. You're going to come here to the API page. You're going to go to authorize and then down here under API key header, there should be an option for you to fill out that value with your key, fill it out, enter it, and you're good. Now, we need to go to query. And so, you'll see query text. Click that. And then, if you go down to execute and click that, you'll see this where it says curl. And you're just going to copy this. This is your URL. Now, I could also copy this whole curl, go back into here, do import curl, and it would fill it all out for me, too. Right? That's how I created these HTTP modules, but they're already filled out for you. So, all you need to do is paste in that new URL. And it's that simple, right? For my chat model, I'm just using 5.1 nano, right? Nothing super powerful because your AI agent in this case in this rag system is really just a courier, right? It's just taking your message and giving it to the rag system and doing the same thing back. Now this is a simple system with just one tool which is a graph rag but we could easily fill this up with more and more gra tools. Okay AI agent the system message for this is also very simple and I'm just telling it hey route your question to the graph rag tool with a single call and then return the exact same response. You will need to edit this as you see fit depending on the sophistication of your AI agent using this graph rag. If I open the chat you can also see the answer it gave it it gave to me down below. Right. Again, pretty much the exact same answer we got before when we were inside light rag itself. So once you do that, I want you to test this thing out. Open up the chat message and start peppering it with questions and see how it responds. Compare it to how it responds when it's on the light rag server itself. It should be the exact same answers. And with that, you have an AI agent that now has graph rag as a tool. It's really that easy, right? The things that can be kind of hard are these data pipeline stuff. And like I said, I've already filled this all out for you, right? All you have to do is connect your Google accounts and update this right here. So, what are you going to update here? Well, inside here, you're going to update your URL. Now, how are you going to get that? You should know how to do that by now. You're going to go back to light rag. You're just going to go to this get documents page right here. You're going to go to execute. You're going to scroll down to the curl section and you're going to copy paste the URL. And if you need any hints, it should be the same URL that you use to actually go onto your light rag server followed by /document/upload. Again, just update the API key here. And then all this stuff will remain the same. n binary file file data shouldn't have to touch that. So what do you need to update for the Google stuff? Well, all you need to update for these three things is the query string, right? The query string and where your folder is. So let's talk about this real quick. I want you to go to Google Drive and you'll see here I have a folder named light rag demo. This is what essentially acts as my staging area for all the documents that I want to go into my rag system. So the way it works is these get put into my folder and when those documents hit that folder it sets off these triggers. It then loops through all the documents. It downloads the files and then it uploads it to light rack. Now what you need to update is this. So you need to go to the folder that you end up creating and map it accordingly. Do it for that one. Do it for this one. Turn these on once you're ready. And then you have this one in the middle here, the search files and folders. This one is not a trigger. So, you need to actually input the folder ID. Now, where do you get the folder ID? Well, if you go inside of Google Drive, you go back to your folder, you see this in the URL at the top of the screen. After drive/folder slash, there is a bunch of numbers and letters before it hits a question mark. I want you to copy all those numbers and letters prior to the question mark because that is the folder ID. And I want you to paste it into here. Now, why do I have this in here at all if we have these triggers? Let's talk about this annoying Google. So, Google only recognizes the file being created or updated if I take that file from outside of Google Drive and put it into that folder. So, you see how this is a file and you see how this is all part of a drive. If I take this and I put it into that same folder, Google Trigger won't go off because it's like that's not a new file. It hasn't been created. It hasn't been updated. It sees it as just like one big folder like your drive. So that can be annoying. And because it's annoying, I have this. And you run this if you have documents already in a folder that you want now to go to light rag. This will get those. Now, the reason I have this here is mostly for clients because if you're doing client work with rag and they tell you, hey, oh, I have all my documents ready. I have 10,000 documents in one folder. They're ready to go. You can't tell, oh, uh, Google's annoying. Go ahead and take all those documents out and then put them back in so it triggers. No, you can't do that. So, we do this instead. It's just going to be a manual trigger. So, if you already have a folder you want to use with documents inside of it, you click it, it runs, you're all set. And then from there, after that initial ingestion, you have these triggers ready to go. If all that confused you, just update it like I told you, and you'll be fine. Lastly, data cleanup. This just makes sure whatever I delete in Google Drive gets deleted in Light Rag automatically. What do you need to update? What do you need to change? Well, for the file IDs, guess what? You have to update the file ID. Just put that in there, right? Next, you need to update this and this. This is where we get the light rag docs. And then this is where we delete the light rad docs. So, you should kind of understand how this is going to work. Now, what am I going to tell you to do? Go to lightra rag. Go to the API section. Execute it to get the URL. But I'll show you just in case you forgot. So, inside of here, it's going to be your URL slashdocuments and then your API key. For delete, it's going to be your URL/docucc. And then down here in the expression, we're just mapping the JSON ID. So that gets identified via this code block. And this code block is what's doing the logic to identify, all right, what's in drive and what's in light rag and what are we missing here. So again, all done for you. And that's it, guys. That's the video. That's how you're able to create a graph rag system using light rag on a self-hosted server and connect it to naden. So you can use AI agents that are way more effective. You also have a data pipeline so you can actually do this all from one place inside of Google Drive. And we have a data cleanup section so you can keep everything in sync which is really really important right? We don't want redundant or bad data inside of our graph. So here are my final thoughts on all this. Graph rag is awesome. It's very accurate, but it can be a little slow and it can be a little cost intensive. Right? So, this is just another tool in your RAG toolkit. Treat it as such. This is not always the answer. As much as I've talked about how good it is and the accuracy benefits, sometimes it's overkill, right? If you're working with a data set or you're working with a client where they're just asking you to create a glorified FAQ page, it might make more sense to just go the traditional route, right? It's quicker, it's cheaper, and the questions that are being asked are really, really straightforward, right? So, that might be the place for traditional RAD. But if you're doing something that requires insight and relationships and figuring out how thing A connects with thing B and like how it also affects thing C, this is where graph rag shines and this is why you need it in those situations. Traditional rag does not cut it. So, that gives us traditional rag for simple stuff. That gives us graph rag for more complex relationship stuff. What about rag? What about systems where I'm dealing with huge tables and Excel files and CSV files, right? How do we fit that into here? Does that fit here? Is that traditional? Well, that's in a future lesson. And that's something entirely different. And that's a gentic rag that uses stuff like SQL. Okay, that's super important. That's going to be our third tool in our rag toolbox. So, stick around because that will be dropping soon as well. And as always, let me know what you thought of this. Let me know in the comments if you ran into any issues. So, make sure to check out the school and I'll see you

=== Learn to Build & Sell No Code AI Agents (5 Hour n8n Masterclass) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhCIxVNQJ94

Hello and welcome to what is looking to be a fivehour ninen masterclass video. Now this thing is kind of a behemoth. And what exactly is it all about? Well, the whole point of this video is to take you from step one, which is where you're at right now. Someone who doesn't know anything about AI agents, doesn't know anything about NN, and we take you all the way to step 10, which is someone who understands what AI agents are, understands how to create AI agents that they need to build, right? What are your particular use cases? what frameworks do you need to build those? And we even show you how to actually sell these things. So, that's actually a ton of ground that we need to cover over the next 5 hours, which is why this video is jam-packed with information from start to finish. Now, I know that sounds super intimidating, but I made this video assuming that you are not technical. You're not a developer. You don't know how to code. You don't even know what the terminal is. And so, if that's you, you're in luck. Now, if you are technical, does that help? Sure. But it's not a prerequisite, right? We're doing things in a low code or no code environment. So you don't need a technical background to excel here. So now I'm just going to talk real quickly about what we're actually going to learn over the next 5 hours and discuss a little bit about what the end state is after all this. All right. So what we have here is what this covers, which is very extensive, and then the end state. Now what this covers we do everything from like what is naden and how do I sign up all the way to like how do I price these for clients and how do I implement them right and there is a long journey between learning how to sign up for nadn to learning how to sell it but having done this for quite a while we hit all of the fundamental things that you need to know to ultimately create AI agents for yourself and that's really the goal here right I don't want to just give you tools and then a bunch of things to copy I want to give you frameworks I want to give you things that you can take yourself and go out into the world and execute for whatever it is your problems are, right? AI agents for you. That's the whole point. Now, the end state, the end state is three things. One, fundamental understanding of AI agents, right? How they work and what's going on under the hood. Two, frameworks to create any AI solution you want. Kind of what I just talked about. And then three, a clear path forward for monetization. Right? If you want to make a business out of this, if you want to start your own AI agency, right? There's certain things you need to know. And it's ultimately a completely different skill set than the AI agent piece, but I talked that a bit towards the middle of this. Now, one thing that you'll also notice here in the second half of this video is I go through all the AI agents that actually sell. At a certain point in this video, I talk about what sort of AI agents you need to sell and I break it down into four, right? And then I do a video for each four of those, right? And that's rag agents, lead generation agents, that's voice agents, and content creation agents, right? So, you're going to get deep dives into those four. And as always, you can get all those templates for free, right? I give them to you for free. They're in my school. There's a link to that below. But I just want to go over all this real quick so you can understand, hey, this is what we're covering. It's dense. It's a lot. But what you really care about is this end state, right? I want you to be able to at the end of this video be able to like confidently say I can make any AI agent I want and if I don't know exactly how to make it, I know where to go find that answer. So with that being said, let's start. N has become the hottest lowode AI platform on the market today. And for good reason. It allows people with no coding experience to create very sophisticated AI agents and AI automations that they can then turn around to either sell to people or use in their own businesses to drive a ton of value. And so to get you out of NAND YouTube tutorial hell, I created this masterclass nadn video series to actually teach you the fundamentals to build these things on your own. In this series, I'm going to assume you have no technical background and no coding experience, and I'm going to take you to step zero all the way to creating sophisticated AI agents. We're going to learn about API, system messages, HTTP requests, different ways to host, everything you need to really internalize the fundamentals of this platform so you can build some really impressive workflows. And in part one of this master class series, I'm going to show you how to sign up with NADN, how the pricing structure works, what your hosting options are, and then we're actually going to go in there and we're going to build an AI workflow that essentially becomes our own miniature chat GPT. So, let's get to it. Okay, so here we are inside of Niden. And before we actually create our account, the first thing we're going to talk about is the pricing. So, for annual pricing, it's going to be about 20 bucks a month. Monthly, it runs up to 24. And again, we're going to be on a free trial for the first 14 days. But one thing I wanted to touch on real quick is hosting because once you're in the space, you're going to hear three different types of hosting talked about all the time. You're going to hear about cloud hosting, self-hosting, and local hosting. Now, what's cloud hosting? Well, that's exactly what this is. You'll see right here it says hosted by NAN. That's just saying where is the NAND instance you're working on live? Whose server is it running on? In this case, the cloud is the cloud that's run by NADN. And so, you pay a little bit of a premium for that. In this case, $24 a month. And what does it buy you? Well, it buys you simplicity and ease of use. We're just going to start our free trial and it's going to automatically work. It's going to get updated regularly and we're using the official version of Naden. Now, your two other options are self-hosting and local hosting. And both of those are doable. They just require a little more technical know-how. And so, what self-hosting is is self-hosting just means you're taking NAN and you're not using the official NAND servers. You're just going to a different third party. And that might be something like Digital Ocean. So, I use Digital Ocean servers to host NAN. Now, why would it do that? Well, it's a little more flexible and often times it's cheaper. For roughly the same amount of power, it's going to cost me like $7, $15 hosting on Digital Ocean. But again, it just requires a little more technical know-how. I'm responsible for the updates. And also, I'm going to be using the community version of Naden, not their official version. Now, what do I mean by the community version, the official version? Well, for all intents and purposes, they're pretty much the same. You can create the same agents and automations. The community version is just what is used by local hosting and self-hosting users. And it gives you the ability to also use community nodes that aren't officially approved by NAN itself. The last type of hosting is local hosting. So if in self-hosting I had a third party, you know, run Naden for me. In self-hosting, I'm the third party, right? It's first party hosting. It's either on my computer or my own server that I own. And again, this tends to be cheaper. It tends to be more flexible. I control where the data comes in and out of, but just requires a little more technical knowhow. And so for this master class, we're not going to dive too deep into that, but I do have videos that go through how to selfhost and how to local host. I'll link those below. So if you are interested in doing that, you can go ahead and execute. So I hope you are only mildly confused about the hosting situation with NN. But for us, we're going to be on the cloud. Super easy. And we're going to do the free trial. So you're just going to hit get started for free. And then you're going to fill out all your information and then you're going to click start automating. And that's going to bring you to this page which is essentially your control center for all your automations. Right up here we have workflows, credentials, execution. So all the workflows you create are going to be listed here. If you click credentials, right, every time we hook up an external account to NAND, it's going to have a corresponding credential. You'll be able to see all of them here. And then executions are just that. It's a log of all the executions. Every time you run a workflow, that's an execution. So we can always come here if we need to troubleshoot something or see what actually happened in the past. Now what you need to care about here on the lefth hand side is the admin panel. So if I click there on the bottom left, this is where I can change things in my account. I can upgrade my plan. I can manage my billing. And what you can also manage if you click up there on the top is your version. So Nadm pushes out updates fairly regularly. So if you ever need to update your NAND version, this is where you're going to come. And then also make sure you have verified community nodes clicked here. Now, the only other thing you might care about here on the lefth hand side is templates. And this brings you to the workflow marketplace for NAND. So, as you see, over 3200 N workflows. Most of them are free. Some are paid, but you can kind of search for any workflow that you're trying to build or want to see how someone else built it and find it here. You just click on it, right? It'll be used for free. It allows you to download it and then upload it in your own NAD instance. And oftent times, they do a really good job of explaining, hey, here's the features. Here's how it works. Why should you care? So, great place if you're trying to get inspiration for building your own workflows or just want to see if something exists that you are trying to automate yourself. And so, that brings us back to here and let's actually build our first workflow. So, you're going to hit start from scratch or you can hit create workflow. So, here we are inside of the canvas and this is where we actually build our edit end workflows. Now, to change the name of the workflow, you just come up to here on the left, you click on that and you can name it whatever you want. I'm going to name mine demo. We're able to save the workflow up here, share it, turn it to active to inactive. We can look at our executions and we'll go deeper into those as we build our actual automation. On the left hand side, you have the ability to zoom to fit. So, if I have my workflow gets like moved and I can't see it, you can just click this on the bottom left and it'll snap you to the center. You can zoom in, zoom out. You can also do that by hitting control and doing uh your little mouse wheel right forward and back will zoom you in and out. You can also reset the zoom and then you also have the ability to tidy your workflow and we'll go into that again once we've actually built some stuff. And so your first ever workflow, what we are going to do is we're essentially going to recreate chat GPT. So we're going to create an ability to have chat messages. We're going to hook it up to the AI large language model of our choice. We're going to give it memory so you can kind of understand how chat GPT is working underneath the hood and how easy it is to recreate it in something like NAN. So for the first step, you can either click here or you can press tab. Tab also will bring up the screen on the right. And I'm going to move myself over here. And so what do we need first? We need a trigger. Every workflow, every agent has a trigger. This is what starts the automation and gets the ball rolling. And you can see here on the right, there's a ton of different things that can be triggers, right? We could have a form submission. We could have another workflow call this workflow. We could just have a manual one. Right? I click a button, it starts. For this, we are going to use on chat message. So you can just click that. And whenever you click a module, you'll see a screen like this pop up. And this is where you can edit the model. Now this is one is very simple. So on the lefth hand side, all we have the ability to edit is make chat publicly available. We're not going to click that. And we can also allow file uploads as well. So, we're just going to leave it as is. We're going to go back to the canvas. So, now this is my trigger. And I can also open chat. If I click that, I can actually type below. I can say hello. And you know, nothing happens because it's not connected to anything. But that's how you set up a trigger. Next thing we want to do is when we send a message, what do we want it to go to? We want it to go to a large language model. So, if I want to add a new node, I just hit the button right here. And then I have all these options on the right, right? Tells me, hey, do you want to build an AI agent? Do you want to do some sort of action transformation? All sorts of stuff. But we are going to search for AI agent. Click that. And just like you saw before, we have all this stuff pop up. Now, in later lessons, we're going to dive really deep in how we can manipulate all these things, but to start, we're going to just going to keep it as is. And as an aside, if you ever want to dive deeper into what these modules do, there's a little docs button here on the top right. If you click that, it will bring you to the official Nad documentation. And their documentation is actually really good and explains how everything works pretty simply. So now we're going to go back to our canvas. And while we are going to keep this all the same, let's talk about what's actually happening here. So going to zoom in a little bit. Source for prompt. What does that mean? Well, think of the prompt as the input. When you talk to chat GPT, your message to chat GPT is the prompt. And similar here, what's going to be the prompt? It's going to be the connected chat trigger node. So any message we put inside that chat is going to go here. And that prompt, that message has an associated variable. Now, a variable just means this right here, this JSON.put, that stands for something, and that stands for the actual chat message. So what's the prompt? It's the chat message. What's the variable for the chat message? Well, it's this prompt right here. So, now we're going to back out. And you can see we now kind of have this AI agent set up, but it's red because it isn't ready to go. And we need to connect a few things to it. And what do we need to connect to it? Well, we need to connect a chat model. The actual brains of an AI agent, right? For chat GPT, what's the chat model? Well, it depends. You know how you can change it from 40 to 01 to 03. That's the chat model behind the scenes. So, if I click chat model, we'll see here on the right, we actually have a ton of different models to choose from. And these are all the big models that you know and love. Anthropic, that's Claude, you know, we have Gemini, Deepseek, Mistro, O Lama. And then we have at the bottom Open AI's chat model, which is what we're going to be using today. So, I'm going to go ahead and click it. And there's two things we're going to have to put in here. One, we have to put a credential. And hey, they're going to give us free open API credits. Sure, we'll take that. Hey, it gave us some free Open AI API credits, which is nice. But I'm actually going to show you how to connect your account for real. And what we have to do is we need a credential. And so to get a credential for any account, you're just going to click down here and you're going to do create new credential. And so it's asking us for our API key. We can put in an organization ID if we want. And we have a base URL. Now, what the heck are we actually supposed to put here? Well, we're going to follow the documentation. So we're going to hit open docs. And this is NAD giving us the exact instructions of how to set it all up. So first thing we need to do is we need to create an OpenAI account. So, we're going to create an OpenAI account. Follow the link. Create an account if you've never done it before. And then you're going to see something like this. What I want you to do is go to the top right where it says settings. Come to the left where it says billing. And you are going to need to add to your credit balance. So the way we'll dive into APIs a little bit deeper soon, but what's happening is when you use this large language model is you are sending a request to OpenAI to the company that runs Chat JBT saying, "Hey, I want to use your large language model in this workflow." Well, that costs a certain amount of money. Usually, it's fractions of a penny, but it's something. And so to do that, you need to have some sort of balance. So, we're essentially putting a credit on our account. Feel free to put any like $5 is more than enough. And so, once you have the balance, next we need our API key. So to do that, you're going to come to the bottom left. You're going to go to API keys. And API keys are essentially your password that you're going to be giving to OpenAI saying, "Hey, I'm a user and I have money. Use my account." Right? And you also have your request alongside it. So you're going to go to create new secret key and you're going to give it a name, right? Create secret key. This gives you an API key. You're going to copy that. Now, also remember, never give anyone your API key. Don't even show it to anybody. So, I'm going to delete mine later. And then we're just going to paste that in there. We're going to leave the base URL the same. And we're going to save this. And we're now connected. And so, now it's time to choose a model. Now, we go down the list. There's a million different models. How are you supposed to know which one to choose? Well, each model costs a different amount because it uses a different amount of power. And the way that price is calculated is based on tokens. Think of every word that you send GPT as an individual token. And the price for every model is charged by millions of tokens. So if we look at OpenAI's pricing right here, right? If we look at 4.1 mini, this is breaking it down into input, cache, input, and output. So input, what is it saying? It's saying for every 1 million tokens, think of if I give this model 1 million words to look at. I have a 1 millionword query, it's going to cost me 40 cents. And it's also going to cost money for the output. So if I give it a $1 million query for 40 and it came back and gave me a 1 millionword response, that would be $160. So that's how the pricing is done for these different models. And you can see it's different for each of these, right? 4.1, $2,8.1 Nano, even cheaper, 10 cents, and 40. So there's always kind of this balance that you have to strike between how powerful of a model do I need and how much am I willing to pay. But also realize 40 cents for a million tokens, that's a lot of tokens. That's a lot of words. So fairly cheap in the grand scheme of things. And if you're ever confused about, well, which model should I choose for what, I suggest just asking chat GPT. So for this, we're just going to use 4.1 Mini, which is one I really like. And so now we can actually talk to this model. We can actually talk to essentially chat GBT. So go ahead and open your chat. And again, I'll uh move myself over here. And you can see your chat down here on the bottom left. And if I just say, "Hey, how's it going?" We can see the model at work, right? Goes from the chat message, hits the AI agent, hits the model, and then outputs it. Hey, I'm doing great. Thanks for asking. How are you? How can I help you today? So, we just set up our own little mini chat GPT here. Right? Pretty cool. And also, let's take a look of at what's going on down here, right? We have our logs, right? You can see it went from AI agent to the chat model to the actual message received. And then you can also see when I click in here, you can also see the amount of tokens it used. Remember how it cost 30 what? 40 cents per million tokens. How many tokens did we use? 33. So if you do the math, it was, you know, 0.1 cent is what that cost us. And you can also see broken down by prompt and completion, which is inputs and outputs. Now, why should you care about all that? Like that's great, Chase. Uh there's logs and stuff. Well, when we start doing more complex things and when you start doing unique things, guess where you're going to look when things go wrong? The logs. And so, what else do we have here? Well, we have memory. Because right now there's no memory with this agent. So, if I say my name is Chase, right? It's going to say, hey, that's great. Your name is Chase. And if I ask it again, what's my name? It's not going to remember, right? We see down here as my name is Chase. That's great. What's my name? I don't have that info. How can I help you today? So, we have to add some sort of memory to this thing. Now, if I hit plus on here, we have simple memory. Again, I'll kind of move my around. This is going to be the name of the game for today. They have simple memory here as well as a bunch of other memory. Now, memory comes in a bunch of different forms. This case, simple memory. It's not hard to set up. I just click it and we're good. We have context, window, memory, length. So, this is going to remember the last five interactions I've had with it. I could change that to 10 or whatever if I wanted to. And now it's going to remember my name when I tell it. The other memory options you saw there were more robust memory systems like actual databases. And so the last thing we're going to hit in today's lesson is going to be system messages because every AI system has what's called a system message. Now what is that? Well, if you click inside your AI agent and go to system message, you'll see it says your helpful assistant. Now a system message is just the internal set of instructions that every sort of AI agent checks with before it answers you. Right? This is the logic. This is sort of the training that you're giving it. Now, chat GPT has one under the hood. You don't see it. But this is where when we do more complex things, we tell it, hey, here's how I want you to go through your tasks. Here's how I want you to respond. Here's how I want you to log logically assess the problems. And you can get kind of ridiculous with this to like make a point. So, I could say like, hey, I only want you Great typing. I only want you to respond in old English, right? And if I then execute the step up here, I can then see what sort of response it's going to give me. And so this is similar to you creating a custom GPT and doing custom instructions. So like the output after I said, "Hey," he said after I asked it my name, I said, "Pray good sir, lady, thou hast not yet revealed thy name unto me, right?" And so we're going to get really deep into system messages in later lessons. And this is where we're actually going to end today because I think this is a good place to start. And so what did we do today? We signed up for NAND. We learned about triggers. We learned about some of the basics of AI agents that we'll dive into in more detail later. We learned how to hook up a open AI chat model and deal with sort of APIs. And then lastly, we worked on system messages. So, if you understood all of that, you're actually in a great place moving forward because in our next lesson, we are actually going to flesh out a true AI agent and add more and more tools. We're going to go into stuff like HTTP requests. I'm going to explain what APIs are in a little more depth and we're going to get into some of the nuances and the really powerful tools that NIAND provides for us. So, make sure you're on the lookout for that video cuz it will be dropping tomorrow. Hello and welcome to my NAND master class series where I take you somebody who has no idea what AI agents even are and turn you into someone who can reliably create them and even knows how to sell them by the end of the series. So, if you haven't watched part one, I highly suggest you do. In that video, we go through how to sign up, how hosting works, and we eventually get to the point where we create the base of our AI agent right here. And in today's lesson, we are going to build on this AI agent foundation that we created in part one. We're going to go through tools. We're going to talk more about APIs and HTTP requests. And then we're going to dive into system messages even further. And that cadence of building on previous videos is going to continue for the rest of the series. And without any further ado, let's get started. So, first of all, what is an AI agent and what makes it differ from just a basic AI automation? Well, what we're looking at here is essentially like a very soft clone of chat GPT, right? It has a model. We can talk to it and can remember our conversations. And you saw that in the last lesson. But what you'll notice right here is tools. And tools and how an AI uses those tools are what makes an AI agent an AI agent. For example, if I click on this tool button here, you will now see on the right a list of a ton of different tools that are native to NADN, right? We see a bunch of stuff including Google, right? Google Calendar, Google Chat, Google Firestone, Google Docs, right? Google Drive for example, a million different things. And these tools can be attached to our AI agent and they can actually use these tools on our behalf. So, let's do a simple one. Let's say I wanted to add Wikipedia. Once it's been added, it's automatically connected to the AI agent and that AI agent now has the ability to essentially call on Wikipedia and answer questions about it. So, we can go and chat and say, "Hey, use the Wikipedia node and tell me about AI agents." And so, we should see here that it should call on this Wikipedia tool. And that's what happened right away. So instead of just relying on its training data to answer us like it normally would, it actually went to Wikipedia, figured out what the article said about AI agents, and then spit that out as a response. But one tool isn't really enough. We would want to add more tools. So like I could add a Google Drive tool, right? And then I could add something like air table, you know, and I could just continue adding tool after tool after tool and eventually have just a very large toolbox that my AI agent has access to. And with those tools, I can then tell the AI agent to do a number of different things. And it's going to intelligently decide on the best tool to use for the job. And those tools could themselves include AI agents, right? You could have AI agents talking to AI agents talking to AI agents all the way down the stack. But the thing that makes it agentic is that it doesn't always do the same thing every time, right? The way it chooses its tools and how it executes the job is dynamic. And it all depends on what you tell it to do. Now, compare that to an AI automation where it always does the same thing every single time, right? It's kind of just linear. It's straight line. And it could be, hey, every single time you get a mention in Slack, I want you to, I don't know, send an email to me. A happens and B happens and C happens. It's not dynamic. You're never wondering like which tools it going to use, right? Linear. Linear is for automations. Dynamic is for agents. Now, if that's kind of confusing, that's totally okay. It'll make more sense as you see some practical applications. Just remember, AI agents usually means lots of tools, dynamic. And what you will also notice is when it comes to tools and actually using them inside N&N, we usually need to hook them up like we did in part one. You remember when we hooked up our OpenAI chat model where we actually went in, went to OpenAI, got an API key. That is usually the way it goes for all tools as well, right? They're hooked up to some sort of third party account. It needs some way to verify what the account is. Now, Wikipedia was actually a um exception, right? That's why I kind of did did that right away. There's no API key. There's no account to do. They just let you use it as much as you want. But for the rest of these, you need to attach an account. And for today, we're actually going to go through how to hook up your Google stuff. And we'll actually like send emails and do that sort of thing. And so, how do I do that? Well, like you saw before with OpenAI, we're just going to go to documentation, and that's going to tell us how to do it step by step. But first things first, I want you to go to select credential here on Google Drive. You're going to go to create new credential, and you're just going to have this up and ready to go. So again, what do we do when we're confused and we don't know how to do something? We're always going to look at the documentation. So we're going to click this link, open Docs, and this brings us to the instructions of how to actually do this, right? The Google one is kind of tricky and that's why I'm doing it as an example here, but N does a decent job of actually walking you through it. And what we're going to do is we are going to follow their instructions and do it ourselves. And so the first thing we need to do is create a Google Cloud account. So we're just going to click this link and that's going to take you to this page. For the rest of this walkthrough, I'm going to have the docs up on another monitor so I'm not constantly switching between them on this screen. I suggest you do the same as you follow along. So once you create your Google Cloud account, you're going to go to console on the top right. And then over here on the top left, you are going to either create a new project or select one that you already have. For me, I'm going to be using Naden YouTube demo. If you decide to create a new project, you might have to wait a second or two for it to actually create it and then you need to switch to it. So, when we go through this, make sure you're on the correct project, cuz you can have multiple projects in your console. And to do that, just verify that it has the name you want up on the top left. Next, we're going to click these three bars in the top left. We're going to go to APIs and services. So, now we're going to come up here to the search bar, and we're going to search and enable all the Google APIs we want. So, think Google Drive, Calendar, email, contacts, all that good stuff. So, I'm search for Gmail. Gmail API is going to pop up. We're going to do enable. We can see that it's now enabled. And now I'm going to quickly run through the rest of them. So do Gmail, Drive, Calendar, Contacts, Sheets, Docs. Really any of the ones you think you're going to have this agent use. Okay. Once you've gone through and enabled all the APIs you want, we're going to come back to the left. You're going to go to OOTH consent screen. Click that. We're going to do get started. And then you're just going to fill out your app name and your user support email. The app name doesn't really matter. Um, email can kind of be whatever, just one you have access to. Going to hit next. You're going to do external. Next, the same email address you did before. Agree. Continue. Create. All right. Next, you're going to go back up to the top left, click those three bars. We're going to go to APIs and services and go to credentials. Go to create credentials. And you're going to do ooth client ID. Application type will be web app. Again, name this whatever you want. Web client one nadn is fine. Then down here for authorize redirect URIs, you're going to hit plus. And what's going to go here is going to be what we had inside of nadn. So I want you to go back to nadn. And then you see here inside the Google drive thing. You're going to copy this. So just click the copy. And again where how did I do that? How did I get this page? I had the Google Drive up and with the select credential, create new credential and it's right here. So, copy that, go back into Google Cloud. Paste that in and you're set. So, you can then hit create. Okay. Now, when we're here, we need to copy over the client ID and the client secret. So, copy the client ID over. And don't worry, guys, I'm going to delete all this stuff later. And then client secret, paste that over as well. Okay, before we sign in Google, we got to go back in the cloud and just clean up a couple more things. Okay, so once you're back inside here, I want you to go to APIs and services and then go down to OOTH consent screen. You're then going to go to audience. You're then going to publish app. Right. So, you're going to go to confirm. Okay. Now you can go back in, go to sign in with Google, select the email it's been associated with, go to advanced, go to run the cloud, and then give it access. Then go to continue. Now you're finally set and signed up. As you saw, it's a little confusing, but now that you've done it, you don't have to do it again. So congratulations, you got the most annoying third-party API verification deal set up. And now let's kind of talk about the different parameters that are available inside of this Google Drive and kind of go through how tools work in general. So this kind of goes for any tool that you use inside of any. You're going to see some sort of similar setup. Always up top there's going to be different credentials. You can always create new ones or edit the ones that you have in there by clicking on this little pencil. Next, there's different tool descriptions. You're not usually going to mess with that. Now resource. Resource is just like what do you want it to do? So for resource, do we want it to play around with files, files and folders, share drive, or a custom API call? Going to stick with files for now. Operation, do you want it to upload a file, download, move? Right? These are kind of self-explanatory. This is where you're able to pick what you want it to actually do. You have your input data field name. So this is the name of the file that's going into the drive, right? So if I was pushing something from over here on the lefth hand side, we're saying, hey, it's called data. It may or may not be called that in reality. You have file name. That's where you name the file. And here, like where do you want it to go inside the drive. Now, real quickly, you're going to notice these little stars on the right. Now, this is a really cool thing with AI. So, if I click these, what you see now is what's called defined automatically by the model. And if I hit this X, you can kind of see the code that's going on underneath it. Little JavaScript. So what defined automatically by the model means is that the AI is going to be able to figure out J just on us talking to it like naturally just like I would a person what to put for the input data field name what to put for the parent drive and what to put for the parent folder. I don't have to explicitly say every single time or hardcode it in here that the parent drive must be X, parent folder must be Y. It's going to be able to tease that out based on the conversation. And while that doesn't seem super useful here, as you look at more and more tools and we go through more and more examples, you'll see how much we tend to lean on this thing defined automatically by the model. This is where AI really shines. Also, up top you'll see settings, and we'll go more into detail with things on here, but these often have to do with like if there's errors, right? What do you want it to do? Do you want to give it notes? You can actually write notes inside of here. How many times you want it to execute? And if there's no data, do you want it to still put something out? Again, we'll dive deeper into these in more advanced workflows. Now, let's add another tool. Let's add a Gmail tool. Now, this should be pretty easy to connect now that we actually hooked up all of our Google stuff. So, we're going to create new credential. And this one, we can just sign in with Google. Super easy. Yep. Allow. Continue. Boom. Not hard at all. So, now what I wanted to do, I wanted to send a message. I could also have it do a draft. Let's just do a draft right first. We don't have to send off any messages. But again, let's see some of this AI work in action. Right? So, subject, I can do that with AI. Message, I can also do it with AI. And other properties, attachments, PCC, all these things. We probably want to know who we want to send it to, right? And again, we could hardcode this or we could have AI figure this out. Now, here's the thing. for it to figure out who we want to send the email to. If we don't explicitly tell it the email, how would it know what the email should be? The answer is it wouldn't, right? If I tell you to email Fred and I've never given you Fred's email, you're kind of out of luck. So, how would this actually be useful to us? Well, imagine we had something like Google contacts, you know, and we had, you know, some little database right here that had everyone's email in it, including Fred's. So, in here, now that it's defined auto automatically by the model, if I say, "Hey, send an email to Fred." This AI agent's thing going to be like, "Oh, yeah, Fred." I'm sending an email. I don't know what the email is. I'm going to go check the contacts first, right? And this is obviously a very simple example, but that's there to demonstrate how an AI agent is able to like, okay, I know I need A to do B, so let me check A first to do that. And so you and so we could actually go in here and we could do all the stuff with the contacts. But to keep this lesson short, I'm going to demo it a little differently. So I'm actually going to delete this. And what we're going to do to kind of demonstrate two things at once is we're going to talk about the system message because like I said before it's like okay I know to hit the contacts to send the email if I don't have the email. Does it does it actually know that inherently? Will it actually be that smart that without any sort of prompting it knows that logic to check for emails to send an email? Sometimes sometimes not. And what about more complex logic? What if we get into really really complicated agents with tons of tools? How does it know logically to do A before B, B before C, but sometimes do E before B, right? How does it know that? Well, that's going to be the system message. And remember, we talked about this a little bit before where we said, "Hey, I only want you to respond in old English to me, right? We gave it some logic." Well, we can do that much more in depth when it comes to tools because we can say, "Hey, you're a personal assistant. You have these tools, right? You have the email tool, Wikipedia tool, Google Drive tool, and then we can go through and then explain this is what the email tool does. This is what the Wikipedia tool does. This is what the Google Drive tool does. And then we can even go further and say here's examples of how it could be used. Here's how I want you to use it in example A, B, and C, right? And here's what I want the output to look like. Like we can get super super detailed with this. But what if I don't know what to write? Well, guess what we're going to do? This is exactly what I do in all my production level stuff. I just have AI figure it out. So, so we can go to chat GPT. My personal favorite is Gemini, but you can just say, "Hey, give me a system message or an AI agent with the following tools." Following tools: Wikipedia, Gmail, send message, and Google Drive. And what it's going to do is it's going to give us a system message we can plug in there. And usually the ones they create are fairly sophisticated. And this is a huge help when you start getting more and more complicated systems, right? Because I don't always want to be the one who goes in and does this by hand every single time. Anytime we can lean on AI to do some of the grunt work with system messages and it tends to write pretty good ones, we do that. And so you can see here, obviously, this is a very simple agent, but you can see what it gave us, right? Hey, AI assistant. It lists out the tools. Wikipedia, Gmail, Google Drive. Says what it does, and then it gives examples, right? I love that. So, it gives us some options. Let's go ahead and just take this second one. This works fine. And I'm just going to copy paste it into here. And so, the way it's going to work is every time we give that AI a message, it's essentially going to check it against the system message and say, "Hey, what am I supposed to do here?" And we can actually set this to expression. And if you hit this button up, it'll bring it up larger, but I'm gonna write Chase's email is this. This is just my personal email. I want you to do that the same for your own inbox. Cuz this is going to show you how it can intelligently be like, oh, send the email to Chase. Well, I'm going to check my system message and I'm going to know what his email is. So, without ever actually telling the AI in a prompt, it's going to be able to fill it out. And this is taking the place of us going through Google contacts and connecting all that just for the sake of time. Now, let's have our AI agent do something. Let's have it send an email or rather create a draft. So, I just want you to open the chat and I just want you to tell it, hey, send an email or send a draft about whatever. So, hey, um, can you send a draft email to Chase? Asking him what's up. Now, I gave it something of a message to do. I didn't give it a title, remember? So, it should also intelligently figure out the title as well as the actual address. So, let's see if it works. Right, we see it hitting the model and we see it hitting the draft. So, it says, "I have created a draft email to Chase with the subject, what's up?" asking how he's doing. Would you like me to send it now or make any changes? Well, let's see if it actually created the draft email. And there's a couple ways we can do that. Obviously, we can go into our email and when I come in here and I look at the drafts, it actually did populate. Chase Hanigan, what's up? Hey, Chase. Just wanted to check in and see how you're doing. Hope you're doing well. But we'll see kind of it isn't really formatted great, right? It says best your name. But you know how we could fix these things? Well, we would just go inside the system message and say, "Hey, here's how I want you to sign off every email. Here's how I want you to start it, etc., etc." These system messages are really where you make your money when it comes to AI agents and customization, but it works. So, we check the email, but there's other places we can check it, too, right? We have the logs. And so, if I click here on create a draft in Gmail, I can see it actually did what it said it was going going to do. And I can see the logs there. You're also able to see the logs if you click on the AI agent and look at logs here, right? Can make it a little more detailed, but because you can see the input and you can see the output and response. So, you can get detailed. You can see the ID, the thread ID, all this stuff. And we're actually going to play with that in later lessons. But again, looking down here again on the input, what's up, message, and two email. Again, I never explicitly gave it the two email and I never explicitly gave it the subject. Yet, it filled those out. Why? because we have these set to be defined automatically by the model, defined by the model, defined by the model. And again, very simple demonstration of that in action. But hopefully you can start to see like, wow, you can really leverage AI to like do a lot of work and do a lot of things without you sitting there and painstakingly being like say this, say that, do this, do that. So this is where I'm going to leave us at the end of part two of this NAND master class. And while it might not seem like we did a whole lot, I mean, we just added a couple tools and connected our Google account, I hope you understand how foundational this idea of tools and system messages really is because that is what everything is going to be based off going forward, right? Understanding how to make the AI agent do things and do them well and do it consistently is all about this tool and system message relationship. And you just saw one of the most basic examples of it. But in future lessons, we're going to add more and more tools, more and more complexity, and we're going to start doing agents talking to agents, right? Main agent, sub agents, some sort of orchestration system that is something you can build upon really, really well and create something extremely sophisticated and robust. So, as always, I hope that was educational. Let me know what you thought in the comments. Go ahead, check out my school community. There's a link to that down in the description as well and I will see you soon in part three. Hey everyone, welcome to part three of my NAND master class series where I take you from someone who has no clue what's going on in this low code AI space and turn you into somebody who can actually make AI agents, speak intelligently about them, and even sell them. So, if this is your first time jumping into the series, I suggest checking out parts one and two because each video builds upon the other and we start at a very foundational level. So, if you have no real technical background, you're not really sure what's going on inside of Benaden, just start at the beginning. But if you're a little more advanced and you want to hop in right away, go ahead. Because today, what we are going to be learning about is HTTP requests. And HTTP requests are probably the most important module that you need to wrap your head around because HTTP requests and really API calls in general are one of the most foundational tools that you really need to internalize how they work and how to apply them if you want to create robust AI agents. So let's start with diving into APIs. Now what are APIs? Well, it stands for application programming interface and it's just a fancy way for saying this is how two programs talk to one another. So let's imagine we have two programs. Let's say we have NAND on the left and OpenAI on the right. So I'm inside NAND and I want to use OpenAI's GPT4 to do something for me. Well, how do we do that? Well, we do it with an API call. So I send a message to OpenAI and included in that message is my API key, which is essentially like a password saying, "Hey, this is who I am. This is verification of what I want that I have billing. Please do the task for me." That is an API call. OpenAI gets your request, it verifies your key, and then it sends you that information back. That is an API in action. And anytime you are having a third-party program do something via an API, that's called an API call, right? So, we're calling that's an API call. We're calling on them. That's all that means. You're trying to contact some sort of third party program to do something on your behalf. And the way you send that data is via an API call. And as I said before, we did that here in OpenAI. And these things we did last time in part two where we uploaded files to a Google Drive and where we sent a draft. That was also an API call. And the nice thing is is these are actually set up very intuitively for us, right? I go inside here. I don't have to write any code. I have these boxes that I just do drop downs for, right? My resources, my operation, the email type, the subject, right? It's very, very intuitive of what information I put where. But if you were coding this, it would actually be an entire code block instead. And when I hit plus on the toolbox, you can see over here on the right, and I'll move my thing over. We have so many different thirdparty tools we can connect to. And when we use them, those are all using API calls as well. Now, some of them, like Wikipedia, don't even require an API key. They'll just let you freely use their resources. But most of these have a corresponding API key like we saw with OpenAI. And luckily, most of them don't require such a laborious setup process with their credentials like Google did in part two. And while there is a ton of tools here, the question you should be asking yourself now is, well, what if those tool doesn't exist inside of Naden? Because you just saw, I don't know, a 100 tools, 200 tools, but there's millions of programs on the web that you probably want access to and probably want their data. How do you send an API request to them if their tool doesn't exist? Great question, and the answer is an HTTP request tool. Now backing out for a second like we saw here these are all like customized right the Google draft right you got the operation the email type the options the actual message right very very easy to use each of these modules inside of n that's has their own special tool like Gmail like openai think of that as like a custom letterhead or a custom form that Google has given us that has given n that says hey every time you want to talk to me fill out this exact form in this way this is the Google form right super Easy. And to contrast that, the HTTP request is essentially like a boilerplate generic form that we are going to send to any third party that we want to make an API call to that already doesn't have a special node inside of NADN. And because of that, understanding how HTTP requests work is extremely important because in the grand scheme of things, most APIs will not be found inside of NADN, right? A lot of the really popular ones are like Google and all that stuff, but there's going to be a ton that aren't. and you need to understand how to navigate HTTP requests and that's what we're going to do today. And so to demo HTTP requests today, we are going to be going to tavly.com. Now, full disclosure, Tavi just recently got a node inside of Naden, but I think they're a really good place to practice HTTP request for a couple reasons. One, they have really, really good documentation, so we can kind of demo what you should be looking for. They also have an API playground that I'll show you and explain what the heck that means. And lastly, Tavi is an amazing tool that we are going to use further on, so we might as well show you how to use it today. Oh, and their API is essentially free, which is also perfect. So, I want you to go to tavly.com. You're going to sign up again, totally free, and then log in. Okay, so here we are inside of Tavi. Now, again, Tavi is essentially like Google on AI steroids. It's my favorite tool for doing any sort of research, any sort of like basic web scraping. So, we're really going to get familiar with this tool. Now, right up front, what you see here is kind of like just an API usage, right? You can see how much you're using every single month. They give you a,000 credits for free. We'll go into a little more detail what credits actually mean later. And you also have your API key right here, which they make super easy to get to. You just click it and it's copied. Now, what do we care about? Well, anytime you go to some sort of third party website that you need to use and you need an API key and it doesn't exist inside of NAD, the first place you're going to go is the documentation. which you can find over on the left and then you're usually going to see stuff like this quick start API references. So oftent times what we want to do is we want to find the quick start or the API reference. So if we go to quick start so first things first understand who documentation is for it's primarily for a technical/software developer crowd right so right away you're going to see stuff like pip install tavly python I have no idea what that is. It's okay. Let me tell you what you often need to be looking for. What you're often looking for is something like this, a curl, right? And the curl is usually going to have a few things associated with it. It's usually going to have a post and then some sort of URL. And then you'll often see things like -h-h d. These are headers. So -h is a header. Content type application JSON very common. You also see this authorization, right? bear space tablet your API key and then the query. So right here what you see is sort of the general outline of almost every single API API request that you're going to make to again some sort of third party program one the URL. If I jump back into N and I go to HTTP request, what do we see here? The URL also what do we see here? We see post. What do we see here? Get. We want to change that to post. What does post mean? Post means I'm sending something to them, right? In this case, I'm going to send a request for them to do something on my behalf in case in this case research something. So often times when you're making an API call, the first one you're going to make is a post request, right? I need to send information to them. And then often times if you need to make another one, it'll be a get as in a get request. I need to get my data. I need to download something. I need to get it. But if you're sending a request, it's almost always going to be post. Let me actually zoom in here so it's a little easier to see. So we have post, we have the URL. Great, we know we need that. We have headers, right? Oftent times you will see this content type application JSON. And we see an authorization. You should always be looking for something that shows some sort of authorization because remember, you always have to include your API key in this request so they know who you are. Do you have funds? Are you allowed to even do this? And then lastly, the query. And we'll go into this in more detail, but the query, this like dash d, that's going to be what we're actually sending, right? That's the actual request with the data like what do I want them to search for, right? What sort of task do I want them to do? These first three parts are essentially just like hey this is the address that you're sending your letter to. And all this stuff is like hey you know who I am. We can actually have this conversation and then this is the actual body of the message. Again you want to look for curl. You'll see here Python. We're not doing Python. We're not doing JavaScript. We're doing curl. And why do we want to do curl? Because let me show you something really cool. We're going to copy this. So you can just copy that. We're going to go back into our HTTP request and we're going to do import curl. We're going to paste that in there. Import. And look at that. It just filled out a bunch of stuff for us. It essentially just set up the HTTP request in the way Tavly wants the data to be given to it, right? It changed the method to post. It changed the URL to search. So that's where we're sending our request. It inputed the stuff for the headers, right? The authorization with the bearer and then the JSON actual query. So let's actually go ahead and do this. So what we need to change is the API key, right? You'll see it put that there. Where do we get that? Go back inside Tavi. Copy your API key. Don't worry, I'll delete mine after this. We're going to replace this part where it says tably and then paste it in there. So yours should look something like this bare space and the tably stuff. Next thing we want to change is the query, right? So this query they just have one put in there which is you know who's messy, right? We don't want to do that. So we could put something in here every single time that says tell me about AI agents or better yet we could put AI news. So if I put AI news, that means every time we ran this module, this HTTP request module, it would always do the same thing. It would send a request to Tablety to do a query to do a search on AI news. That could be useful, but chances are I wanted to do some sort of different research every single time. So what are we going to do? Well, we're going to use our favorite let the model define this parameter, which means that value is going to change based on what we tell our AI agent, right? So if I tell it, hey, search AI news or B, tell me what's going on with the weather right now, right? It's going to send that value and it's going to fill it out automatically here. So we don't have to code anything. And last thing we're going to do is we're going to change the name. We're going to change this to Tavi Tavly search. You can do that and back out. And just like that, you did your first HTTP request module. Now what is one more thing we need to do? Well, remember system messages, right? Remember the system message? We come in here. What do we want to do now? Well, we probably want to add the fact that we just added a new tool. So, we're just going to do for tavly tool. We'll keep it really simple. Use this tool to conduct any sort of internet research, right? And I also might think, hey, do I really need the Wikipedia one anymore? No. I'm probably going to delete that. We'll come back here. I'm going to delete my Wikipedia tool. Sorry. I'm going to save this. And so, let's test this out. Let's go into our chat and let's say, can you research the latest AI news for today for me? And bring back some headlines. So, we should see it hit the Tavly search tool. And again, we saw hit the OpenAI chat model. What's it doing here? It's sending an API. is doing an API call. Same thing here for Tableau. And sweet. If we bring this up, we can see, hey, gave us some headlines for the latest AI news in June 2024, blah blah blah blah blah. Now, it did it in June. I probably want it for today. And I'll show you how we change things like that here in a second. But the HTTP request worked. Love it. And again, we can click inside of here and see what actually went on. We can see the query it did. Latest AI news June 2024. Right? So that's the query it ended up putting here. Ended up doing latest AI news June 2024. We could have actually changed that. And actually real quick, what we're going to do, I want you to go inside of AI agent. Go to system message. We're going to say today's date time is. And then we're going to do curly bracket curly bracket. And you're going to do now. So curly bracket curly bracket. And then it's going to be dollar sign and then now all that did is we just gave our AI agent the actual date and time. So when I ask for recent AI news, next time it's probably not going to do June, but that was just to show you, you know, latest AI news, how it filled out the value, which is cool. But the Tavly tool can do a lot more than just do a query, right? If we go into the documentation and we go back and we go to API reference, what you'll see here over on the right is you start to see all sorts of things, especially as we scroll down like all these little things that they put in the body, right? And the body, the body is this here, these body parameters, the query, that's what the body is. And if we go inside the documentation, you can see while we filled out the query, right? You see query here. There's actually a ton of parameters we could have put in there, right? We could have included the topic, search depth, chunks per source, match results, time range, days, include answer, raw content, domains, country. You can see how detailed we could have made this, right? We can put way more than query. We can put all sorts of things. And again, how do I know what that's supposed to look like? How do I know if those are even available to me? You're going to find that in the documentation, right? And if this ever gets confusing, what you should do is you should just copy this whole page, dump it into something like chat GBT and say, "Hey, I'm trying to do this specific request with Tavi. This is what I want it to look like. How would I actually execute that?" One last thing on that note, if we go into Tavly, we see over here on the left the API playground. What you have here is you have the ability to essentially test all those different fields. Remember, we just did query and I just showed you inside the documentation. There's actually a ton of different stuff you can put in there like search topic, search depth, max results, include answer, raw content, blah blah blah blah blah. But you'll often see this term API playground used in tons of different programs. All it means is it's a place where you can test out different settings for your API requests. So, if I were to do news and I did my search depth to advance and I change the max results and I change the time range, I could ask something again like latest AI news, send the request and then I could compare it to what I just got. And in terms of changing those parameters, again, these tend to change from, you know, third party to third party app. But again, just take the documentation, go into chat GBT and ask what should that look like. In Tableau's case, it's pretty simple, right? I would just go to add parameter and we know one of the parameters is say let's do time range, right? So I could do uh well, let's do another one. Let's do um include answer. So I'd come inside here and then I would just write what it did include answer, right? And then the value. Well, I go back to the docs. What sort of values can I put? Well, it looks like I can either do true or false. So I'll go inside here. I'll say true. And now let's do that same request again and see if we get a different sort of result. So can you research the latest AI news for today? So, it did June 14th instead of July 14th. So, we still have some work to do with getting the uh the date exactly how we want it, but the answer is a little bit different. And again, you can just continue to play with these sorts of settings until you get what you want. And so, that's where we are going to end part three. Again, we didn't do a ton of stuff with our AI agent today, but I just really, really want to stress how important it is to understand how HTTP requests work because this is by far the most powerful module inside of NAND, bar none. The whole point of AI agents is to be able to do things on your behalf and interact with third-party programs and thirdparty apps. And I guarantee you for your particular use case, you're going to run into scenarios where whatever is in here, you know, in the default end list is not going to cut it. And you need to figure out what you need to do. And what you're going to do is you're going to find the website you're at like say Tavly. You're going to look for documentation and you're going to begin your search for that curl request. And then once you get that kind of up and running, you're then going to dive deeper in the documentation and with the help of AI figure out what sort of settings you can tune and fix so you get the outputs you want. So after all that, I hope it's a little more clear what APIs are, what HTTP requests are, and how you're able to integrate them into your AI agents. Now, in part four, we are going to dive into connecting AI agents to AI agents and essentially use this guy we've been working on as an orchestration agent that's able to control other AI agents underneath it. As always, let me know what you thought of this video down below. If you ran into any issues, if you have any suggestions for what you want to see in the next few videos, and as always, I'll see you around. Hey everyone and welcome to part four of my master class series where I take you from someone who has no idea what NAN or any sort of low code tools are and turn you into somebody who can actually speak somewhat intelligently about AI agents and maybe even learn how to sell a few of them. So in the first three parts, what did we do? Well, we did everything from getting started on Naden, signing up, talking about self-hosting to deep diving into things like system messages, APIs, HTTP requests, and actually hooking up a bunch of credentials and creating what you see here, a very basic AI agent. Now, in part four, we're going to continue building upon this, and we're finally going to dive into sub agents and actually do a little content creation. Now, what is sub agents? Well, that means we're going to create a second AI agent that actually acts as a tool for our main AI agent, right? And this is going to help you see how you can use agents on top of agents on top of agents and get some really sophisticated AI agent ecosystems created. And that sub agent we're going to create today is going to be a content creation AI agent, AI workflow. And I think it's really useful because content creation is something people are always asking for when it comes to the AI workflows that I actually sell my own AI agency. The big three are like rag AI agents, lead generation, and content creation. So if this is a space that you ever want to like start selling and making money in, you need to understand how to create AI systems that can create content that sounds good. And so we're going to dive into that today. As always, I suggest you do the first three parts before you start here since all these lessons kind of build upon one another. But if you're a little more advanced, I'm sure you can keep up and kind of figure out what's going on along the way. So, let's talk about sub agents. Now, there's a couple ways we can go about this, right? So, imagine that we have this second agent and we call this guy content creation. Content creation. Now, there's two ways you can approach sub agents. You can either have them in the same canvas like I do here. That is the worst way to do it, but it is possible. The second way to do it would be if I come over here to the left, I click on personal. I can create another workflow. So, create a new workflow. I copy that guy in there. And we can set it up. So, this workflow, which I will name content content sub agent, we can set it up. So this workflow and this workflow actually talk to one another, right? We can have it. So we chat with this agent up here and it just sends stuff to this guy and we never even look at it and it does everything we need to do and they talk back and forth to one another. Now why do I say this is the worst way to do it? Because we could have the sub agent sit here inside the same canvas and they could talk to one another that way as well. But one of the best things about NADN is how modular it is, right? So imagine that this was our content sub agent, right? is doing content for us, all sorts of things. Well, what if I wanted it to hook it up to like another orchestration agent? I didn't want that content agent just to talk with this guy. I want him to talk with a bunch of different other agents. Well, if I have it in its own workflow, I can kind of attach it to as many different agents as I want, right? It becomes very plugandplay. I can use it for my own stuff. I can use it as a blueprint for, you know, client work, right? So my suggestion is whenever you have the chance to break up these workflows into separate structures and different workflows and have them talk to them that way. Do it right. It's not going to look as cool, right? All the ones you see on social media have like, you know, and my do this too sometimes have like 30 of these and it looks crazy. You're like, "Wow, this must be a super cool AI agent." The sad truth is that it actually is worse and it doesn't actually perform as well. What you want is you want it to be modular because it becomes much more flexible and it's also easier to troubleshoot. So, I'm going to show you the right way to do it. So, we're going to get rid of all these guys. And what we'll probably do is we'll probably create it just like this. So, we have it all on one page and then we'll just copy and paste it over just so it's easier for me to teach you what's going on and how they interact. But just wanted to get that out of the way so you understand what the best practices are when it comes to creating sub agents and keeping things modular and flexible. So let's do that. Let's create a little sub agent here. So I'm going to delete this guy. Now I'm going to search for AI agent, right? Which is agents all the way down. Now first question should be what is the trigger going to be for this guy? How are these two guys going to talk? Because we have the chat message here, but we can't have a chat message here. We never actually want to talk to this guy explicitly. We want to talk to our orchestration agent. We're going to call this guy the orchestrator, right? We want our orchestrator to talk with our content sub agent. How does that happen? Well, it's going to happen by a different trigger and it's going to be when executed by another workflow. When called on by another workflow. So right down here on the right, when executed by another workflow, we're going to click on that and we connect these guys. So this means this trigger will start this AI agent working when it's executed by another workflow. And so how that works is now we have to add another tool here and you're going to use the call naden workflow tool, right? And then this is where you would describe the tool and then I'll show you later how you actually connect it. But that's how the connection works. The main orchestrator agent will have a call ending in workflow tool. And when that tool is used, it hits this guy when executed by another workflow. And that's how they talk to one another. Okay, easy. So we have when executed by another workflow. It's same thing as before. We're going to need some sort of chat model, right? So we're just going to keep it basic. We're going to stick with open AI 4.1 mini. Can never go wrong with that. Memory. Do we need memory for our sub agents? Right? If we have some sort of AI agents that are acting as these tools for other agents, do we need memory? Not really. You usually don't because like I said, you're never really talking to this guy oneonone. I don't need it to remember any sort of conversation. I just need it to do things. So often times you can just skip memory entirely and just worry about a chat model and then the actual tools it's going to use. And on that note, let's talk about the tools. What kind of content do we want this content agent to do? Well, let's imagine we wanted to create some sort of like blog post. you know, something either on your website or maybe you have some sort of email newsletter or maybe you're trying to post things on LinkedIn. So, there's a couple things we're going to want, right? We want some way to write the actual article. We probably want some way to research information about the article, right? So, we need research. We need something to actually write it. And then we also probably want some sort of like image creation. That might be something we want to think about. We'll start it simple. We'll just have it actually write stuff and research stuff for us. and then we'll show it actually talking to one another. So, we are going to want some sort of way to research things for our content. And luckily, guess what we did last time? We already created a node for doing research. So, what we're going to do is we're actually going to take this tool away. I don't need my orchestrator to do this research. We're going to bring it down here and we're going to use this as part of our sub agent. So, Tavly is what is what is going to be doing the research for us. We're going to give it some sort of niche and it's going to do all the research. So, we can research a topic. How do we want it to actually write? Well, let's say we wanted to do those goofy LinkedIn style post. Everyone knows what those look like, right? So, to do that, we're going to go to Gemini, go to whatever AI of your choices need. And you're just going to say, "Hey, you're going to say that you need a system message for a content creation AI agent. It has access to a Tavly tool to research, you know, topics that you want to write about. And you want all the writing done in LinkedIn style." Okay, so I hopped inside of Gemini and said, "I need help writing a system message for my NAN AI agent. I need a system message for a content creation AI agent. Its purpose is to research topics I give it. It has access to the tablet tool to conduct research and then write a LinkedIn style post based on that research." And so here's what it's spit out for me. I always rely on AI honestly to write my system messages for the most part. Even if I go in and end up editing them, it gives me a good place to start. So it wrote me all this stuff. If you're a world-class senior content strategist and LinkedIn expert structure and tone, content engagement, right? Workflow summary, receive topic, utilize Tavly, synthesize, draft, present. Perfect. So, I'm just going to copy this. And again, you you give it whatever prompt you want. We're going to copy this guy. Go back in here. We're going to go to system message expression. We'll open this up so you can see it better. And we put it in there. So now it knows I want really goofy LinkedIn style posts and I want you to research all the topics vital. So it has the tool, it has the instructions, but if I told it to do it, nothing's going to happen, right? Because if I come in here, notice what we have here. Source for prompt user message. So it says connected chat trigger node. Obviously, this doesn't have a connected chat trigger node. So, we have to do define below. But what do I put here? There's nothing here at all. I don't know what to do. Well, what we're going to do is we're actually going to back out. And this is a good time to talk about pinning data. Pinning data because it's a very important thing that you really need to get the habit and really get into the habit of when you're creating these workflows. So, what do I mean by that? So, we're going to click into here when executed by another workflow. And what I want to do is I want to test this out to make sure it's working. But I just want to test right this little sub agent. I don't want to test the whole thing. I don't want to talk with the orchestrator. I just want to make sure this little sub agent is working. How do I do that? So, first of all, when you're doing when execute by another workflow, the input data, we're just going to have it accept all data. That just means everything coming from the main agent up top is going to flow into this bottom agent. And then I want you to click this little pencil on the right, edit the output. So, this is where you're able to put in essentially fake data for testing. So, I'm going to delete this first part. I'm going to delete this this as well. And so it should just say name colon first item. So we're going to change this to query. And here we're just going to put a pretend topic we wanted to write about. So we're going to put AI agents in the workplace. Then we're going to put save. Now if I back out, you'll see this little pin button. It's outlined in purple. That means whenever I run this AI agent down here for testing purposes, it's always going to use that data. It's going to pretend like I told the main agent, hey, I want you to write a topic about AI agents in the workplace. This is very, very useful when you get very long complicated workflows and you don't want to constantly run it every single time you test, right? Because imagine if, well, it actually would. Imagine if it cost a lot of money for me to send this request down here, right? I wouldn't want to do that all the time. So, I just pin the data where I need to test it. Now, back into here, prompt define below. Remember, the prompt is what we're actually going to have it act on. The system message is the internal instructions, but what's the actual specific instructions for this instance that it needs to act on? Well, it's going to be this query, right? AI agents in the workplace. So, we need to map this data here. So, we're going to pull this in here. It's going to automatically switch it to expression. And now, the prompt is AI agents in the workplace. So this AI agent will now say hey my internal instructions are to be a LinkedIn content you know engineer whatever you want to call it and my job for today is to create something on AI agents in the workplace and if I were to give it a different request this is where it would fill in right so this idea of always mapping the correct thing to the prompt to the user message is very very important and it's something you're going to see us doing over and over and over again. So really try to internalize what we just did. So now that we have that, now let's actually test it. So we're just going to hit execute step up here and we'll be able to see what sort of output it gave us. Right? So here's the output. AI agents are transforming the workplace. Are you ready? And you see it go into that standard LinkedIn cadence type post complete with hashtags. So we now just created a little content sub agent that writes LinkedIn posts for us. Um yeah, here's the output again. Does all the emojis. Very cool. When we look at the logs, we can also see, hey, it did the Tavly search. So, it searched for AI agents in the workplace, blah blah blah blah blah. And we can see all the different articles it hit and what was actually inside those articles. So, now let's test it out from the top with the orchestrator because we know that it works with our fake data, right? So, we're going to go inside here. We're going to unpin this. So, I'm just going to unpin that data on the right. And then we want to connect it. So, I'm going to go into call naden workflow. Drag this over here. What do we do? What do we want to call this? Um content creation tool. Call this tool to create LinkedIn posts. We are going to just call this our content tool. Now, where's the source going to be or where's the workflow? So, there's a couple ways to do it. From the list, right? Remember, we made that other workflow over here. We called it content sub aent. That's where we would put it. But this one right now is inside the same canvas. So how do we do that? Well, we're just going to do by ID. And then I'm going to come up top here and you see this part of the URL. So it goes slashworkflow slash then all these numbers and letters. That's the workflow ID. So if you ever do something by ID, that's where you find it. So we're going to copy that. Paste that in there. And now it should be good to go. One one last thing, go inside the orchestrator, right? And we need to edit the system prompt. Anytime you add a new tool, go to the system prompt and edit it. So we got rid of our tablet tool. So we're going to call this content tool and we'll say use this tool to um conduct any sort of content creation including LinkedIn posts. So, that should be good, right? So, let's save this guy. And now what we're going to do is we're going to open the chat message and we're going to test it out. So, see what happens. I to write some sort of article for you. So, um I need you to write a LinkedIn article on AI agents and aviation. So let's see if it does it correctly. Hits the chat model. Add some sort of error with the content tool. So what happened here? So it's saying the workflow doesn't exist. So we must have done something wrong when it came to the workflow ID. So I'm going to stop this some good troubleshooting. Uh workflow by ID. Did I do it wrong? Okay. So here's how we solve that problem. We're just going to go to the content tool and instead of doing it by ID, we're just going to do it from the list. And you're just going to pick the one that it's currently in. So we're currently inside the demo workflow and so just do from list demo. You're then going to save it. And now let's open chat and run it. So write me a LinkedIn article about AI agents and aviation. All right. Hits simple memory hits the content tool. Perfect. And now it's going to work. Now you will notice that while we see all these things running, you're not going to see anything from the sub workflows. It's not going to show any like visualization to see it to see what's actually happening. You either have to go into the logs like right here. See how I can click on content tool and see the query in the output or we go into executions up here and we can dive in there as well and I'll show that here in a second. So gave us our little LinkedIn article blah blah blah blah blah. Awesome. Now, I want to see a little bit more about what happened with the content sub agent. So, if I click on this guy and I go into logs, right, we can see the content tool. Like I said, here's the query. This is the query that was sent from our orchestrator agent down to our content agent and said, "Write a LinkedIn article about the role and impact of AI agents in the aviation industry, highlighting their applications, benefits, and future potential." Remember, I didn't write that. I just wrote like a article with with planes and agents and it gave it a much, you know, more sophisticated prompt which eventually gave us this output. But what if I want to see exactly what went on in that sub agent? Well, you're going to do this. You're going to see something that says view subexecution 17. So, we're going to click that. It'll say some other number for you. Click that. And then this will automatically take us to the executions page that shows us the sub agent. Remember how before we couldn't see any like visualization of like what was working. Now inside the executions tab we can which is always important to check when things go wrong. In this case it went right. So let's kind of go through it module by module so you can understand what happened. So we click here. As you saw before this was the query that was actually sent down. Remember how before we had put a fake query you know when we pinned the data well this was the real one. If I go inside here we can go to the logs of this agent itself and we can see the tavly search it did. So the tavly search was rolling impact of AI agents in the aviation industry. We can see where it grabbed the information from. We can even see this kind of scores and then we see the final output. Now that's great and all but I wanted to do a little bit more than that. I don't want just the article itself. I want the article to go somewhere. I don't want have to sit here and chat and deal with that. So, let's take it a step further and tell it, hey, we want a LinkedIn article. And then I want it to email the article to me. So, let's do that. So, I'm going to say, "Write me a LinkedIn article about AI agents and social media and send it to me in a draft." And send it to me in a drafted email. So, remember, I just have to create a draft. Um, you may have to give it the specific email. You remember in part one and part two we did the whole database with context thing. We'll flush that out eventually, but right now this is what I want you to send. So what we're looking for is we want it to hit the content tool, execute everything for creating content, and then actually send it to us in a draft. Right? So we're doing kind of multi- aent multi-steps now. So execute that workflow. Oh, whoops. Send the chat. Um, so boom. Hits the model memory. We should hit it. We should see. Yep. Content tool. What I don't like is it created a draft right away. So, we'll see what this looks like when we finish. That that would be kind of a system prompt thing we need to play with. So, maybe it will do a second one. We'll see. Right. So, it says it created the article and that it drafted an email address to me with the article ready for review. Well, I don't believe you. So, let's take a look. So, it lied to us. It said, "Please find the attached draft of the LinkedIn article and their impact for your convenience, but it didn't attach anything. So, what what went wrong there?" Well, we kind of saw it in action, right? It's hit the draft tool before it's actually done with the content. So, how could we fix that? Well, that would be another situation where we go into the system prompt and we just make sure that we spell out how we want these steps to go, right? Because this is what you're going to notice a lot with your AI agents. You give it a lot of tools. It's going to use the tools, but it doesn't always use them in exactly the right order. Now, there's a few ways to do that. One is to be more explicit in the system prompt like we're about to do here. The second one is you use a more powerful model, right? We're using 4.1 Mini. It's not as smart as 4.1 or as smart as like Claude or even Gemini. So, those are kind of your two paths you can go down when it when it's time to like get things working and you think they should and they're not. But usually the answer is just fix the system prompt. All right. So, what did I write? So I said, "Whenever I have you create content using the content tool, I want that content included in a drafted email to me. That email draft should contain all the contents of the article created. That draft should not be created until the content tool has completed writing the article." Easy. So it's a little hamfisted way of doing it. And some of you might also be asking yourself, why do we even have an AI agent doing this as a sub agent? Couldn't we have this be just be an automation where it gets the query, writes the article, and automatically sends it? You would be correct. But then I couldn't demo how to do content sub agents, now could I? So, we have attempted to fix our prompt. So, what we're going to do now is we're going to open the chat window again. Save it. Open the chat window. And I'm actually going to go back to the last one I said. If you come here inside the chat window, you'll see something that says repost message. It's a little like uh circle arrow. If you click that, it's just going to run the same thing again. So, let's do that and see if it actually works this time. Okay, so there we go. It says it created a draft email with the post. So, let's take a look and see if it actually worked this time. All right, so here's the recent draft and this time it actually has the whole thing ready to go. Love it. Right, so it actually worked this time with a little bit more of a refined system prompt. And again, the system prompt should always be the first place you look when tools just aren't going the way you want. So, love that. Now, what did I talk about before at the beginning? I said how this is the worst way to set up your sub agents. So, let's actually go ahead and fix that. So, all we're going to do, we're just going to copy this. We're then going to go to that content sub aent workflow we made before, delete this guy, paste this guy in here, and now this guy lives in his own little workflow, which we love. Now, the only thing we have to change is we have to go back to this guy. We're going to delete him. We're going to go to the content tool. Remember now it's going to be not in demo but it's going to be in content sub agent. Same as before. I want to save this. Save both of these. And just so we feel good about everything. We're going to run this one more time so you can see how it can actually talk across workflows. So open chat. Write me an article about AI agents. Just write me an article about agents. We're not getting pants anymore. So boom, chat model content tool. I didn't tell it to write a draft for me, but the draft was be was explicitly said in the email. So I didn't tell it to write a draft for me, but if you remember in the system message, I say, "Hey, every single time send that draft." So let's see if it actually does that, too. And as this is working, we can actually go over to the content sub agent, hit executions, and we can see over here on the left, hey, it actually worked, right? Boom. It got the data. And we can actually click in here and see everything it did. So, hey, these two things are talking to one another. It's that easy. All right. Says it was drafted. Moment of truth. And boom. Here's the draft. Awesome. So, what have we done so far? We've now created sub aents. We have agents talking to each other from workflow to workflow. And we actually have it doing multiple tools at every level of the process, which is pretty neat. And what else did we talk about today? We talked about how you need to edit system messages when things just aren't going your way. And we also talked about how we pin data, how we do fake data, and what we need to do when we have to map things into the user request. And so, this is where I'm going to leave you at the end of part four. Now, I hope you are starting to see all the potential there is to have AI agents talking to one another across workflows. Right? I have videos about personal assistant AI agents and it should be very easy for you to imagine how instead of just having, you know, create a draft email with this guy, we instead had an entire like Gmail suite tool that would call another sub agent that had like draft the email, send an email, delete an email, right? Same thing for calendars, right? Schedule an event, look for an event, you know, blah blah blah blah blah. You could have a ton of different sub aent tools that all have access to a ton of different tools themselves, right? That's where there's a ton of power in these AI agents. But we're starting off very small and very simple so you can understand the foundational basics and we don't just drown in like the very like minutia and the details of the tools themselves. But don't worry, we are going to start diving into a little bit more complex stuff soon in parts 5, 6, 7, and 8, right? We're going to look at stuff like rag. We're going to look at stuff like voice agents. And we're even going to start looking at like how can we build really cool user interfaces and dashboards using stuff like lovable to like connect this all together and actually make it look like a cohesive SAS product. So really excited for that. We still just got to keep punching through some of the foundational stuff and like really get that base right because it's it's very tempting to just like get ahead of ourselves and start doing the complex stuff first. But these foundational things, system messages, APIs, like how data talks to one another and how it moves through the workflows, that's really the hardest part of all this. So, if you're at this place and you feel like you have a good grasp of that, you're in a really, really good spot. So, let me know what you think of these. Um, stay tuned for part five and I'll see you guys around. Hey everybody and welcome to part five of my NAND master class where we take you from someone who has no idea what's going on inside of NAND and turn you into somebody who can actually make sophisticated AI agents and even sell them. Now, if you remember in part four, we dove into sub agents, right? We built our own content agent in an entirely different workflow and had these two AI agents talk to one another. Well, in part five, we're going to be stepping up our game a little bit and going into RAG, retrieval augmented generation. And I'm really excited about this one because I think rag is one of the most important tools that you need to wrap your head around if you really want to build robust AI agents. As someone who actually builds and sells AI agents for a living, rag agents are the most popular AI workflow that I sell and I would argue it actually brings people the most value. So, here's the most recent RAG agent that I sold to a client. I actually gave it to him last week, ended up selling it for $5,000. And you can check out one of my previous videos for a full deep dive of how this works and how to set it up yourself. And obviously I even give away the template for free. But I wanted to show this so we can kind of talk about what rag actually is and what we need to do to create it because we're just going to create a very simple version for today, right? Like we're all about the basics, all about the fundamentals in this video series and we need to understand how it works at a very base level before we can upgrade and start doing some varsity stuff like this. So first things first, what is rag retrieval augmented generation? Now, when you talk to Chad GPT, what information is it using to answer your questions? Well, it's relying on its training data, right? It's been trained on millions and millions and millions and millions, trillions of parameters to answer your questions. But what if I wanted to answer questions that are specific about me or my team or the project I'm working on? What would you do? Well, you would go ahead and you would dump some files into it, right? Like you would put in an Excel file, you would put in a PDF, you would give it documents for it to answer questions about. That is essentially a very simplistic version of rag. So rag means it's going to retrieve a document from some sort of database. It's going to augment its answer based on the documentation and then it's going to generate an answer for you. Rag. Now in this one you're looking at the database it goes to is being is living inside a superbase. And the type of database that's being used is a vector database. Now, I'm not going to go super in deep into vector databases and all the math behind it and highdimensional stuff. Just think of it as a special database that AIs and large language models love because it's easy for them to grab information from there. That's all you really need to understand. Now, the other part you need to understand is how do we get documents from wherever they are, whether it's a Google Drive or on your computer into a vector database that the large language model that our AI agent can actually use. Well, you need some sort of ingestion system and that's what you see going on here in the red. Now the long story short of this is we start inside of a Google drive. These documents then get tagged. They get a bunch of metadata sent to them. We extract the text and then it's put into our vector database. Now one thing of note when going inside a vector database the way it works is imagine I had a 100page PDF. When it goes into the database it doesn't sit there as a 100page document, right? That would be a lot of text for it to constantly go through to find the answer. Instead what happens is it gets chunked. And you kind of can see that here at the bottom with the character text splitter. Basically, every 500, 750, 1,000 characters, that document gets chunked up into little bite-sized pieces that then all go into the vector database. And because it's in small pieces, it's easier and it's quicker for the AI to be able to find the text we need to answer our question. So, it's a speed thing. So, that is something you need to know because it does have its pros and cons, right? On one hand, we get speed, but sometimes it gives us a loss of accuracy, right? You can start thinking about well how is it going to know the right answer if I shove a giant Excel file into there that's thousands of rows and hundreds of columns like if it's chunked up how does it actually have context everything great question and you are just starting to get into the deep waters that is rag and some of the intricacies with it but for today we're just going to stick with the basics which is just like Google Docs and PDFs and putting information into a database and then having AI retrieve it right once you get your hands on that then you can start trying to do some uh highle stuff with like large Excel files and putting in SQL, right? It goes it goes kind of deep, but I say all that just to let you understand what's kind of going on under the hood, right? We're going to have some documents that we want our AI to know about. We need to put them into a database. And so, we need some sort of ingestion system. Once the documents are inside the database, then we just need to add some sort of tool to call on it. And that's what you see here in the Superbase vector store, right? It's now going to be it. we now just gave it a tool that says, "Hey, go call on that database whenever I ask you a question about X, Y, or Z, right?" And that's what it's going to do. And then we we might even go into some reranker stuff as well. We probably will. We'll see how we're doing on time. Um, but that's what we're going to be doing in a nutshell. We're going to be building an ingestion system for Rag and then we're actually going to have our AI agent call on that rag to answer questions. And this is super important, right? It be it should be kind of obvious as to why you should care about this, right? You can now essentially take chat GPT, you can take your AI agent, you can plug it into your business, into your project, into your life, and it's going to be able to do things that aren't just limited to it training data, right? It's going to know about your documents, going to know about your project, and can actually act as a member of your team and drive a ton of value that way. And if you're someone who wants to sell these sorts of things, almost everybody wants some sort of rag element inside of their AI agent, right? So, you really need to like understand how this works and know how to implement it. And that's what we're going to do today. Okay, so here we are with our orchestrator and we are going to be adding a rag system to it. Both the ingestion and the ability to actually answer questions based on the documents inside. Now there's two big thirdparty applications that you will see people use for rag in the context of edit. It's going to be superbase and pine cone. The last example you saw superbase and today's we're going to do pine cone because I think it's a little more beginner friendly and easier to understand but the fundamentals between the two of them remain the same. And for the ingestion system we are going to be using Google Drive. So, we are going to be putting files into a special rag folder inside of Google Drive, which is going to go into our Pine Cone database, which our AI agent will then be able to query. So, that's what we're going to do today. So, first things first, we are going to go to Pine Cone and create an account. So, you're going to go to pine cone.io. You are going to sign up. Go ahead, continue with Google or whatever you want. And you should see a page that looks like this. If you don't see it, go to the left, go to databases, and go to indexes. And so, we are going to create an index. So create index. Call it whatever you want. I'm just going to call mine, we'll call mine part five. For the configuration, you know, we have all these different configurations. What you're going to do is you're going to do text embedding 3 small. Just click that. We're going to scroll down. You can keep it serverless. AWS is fine. For region, we'll just stick with US East 2. And then we're just going to create our index. And yeah, you should be on the starter plan, which is just the free trial or the free tier. Hit create. And just like that, we've created the bones of our vector database inside of Pine Code. Now, we're going to have to actually connect it inside of Naden. So, I want you to go to the left where it says API keys. Click on that. We're going to create a new API key. I'll call mine part five. Call mine I'll call mine part five demo. Create our key. Copy it. And let's go back inside of Naden. So, we're going to go ahead and just add the tool right now. So we can connect our account. Search for Pine Cone. You'll see Pine Cone Vector Store. Select credential. Create new credential. Pop that key in there. Hit save. We're now connected to Pine Cone. Easy. Now, we'll come back here a little bit later, so you don't need to worry about this yet. But we have our account set up, which is nice. Okay. Next, we're going to do the ingestion system. So, we can actually get documents from Google Drive into Pine Code. So, how are we going to do that? Oh, let's search for Google Drive. And what we are going to want is we're going to want a trigger. So on the bottom left, we're going to do on changes involving a specific folder because we're going to create a folder inside of Google Drive. That's going to be our little rag folder. So now that we have this up, let's go inside of Google Drive. And once you're inside Google Drive, we are going to go to new on the top left. We're going to do new folder. I'm going to call mine part five demo. I'm going create this. So this part five demo is the folder that we are going to dump all of our rag documentation in. So we're not going to put it in yet. I'll kind of tell you why in a second, but we just wanted this to be created. So next, let's go back into edit. A lot of back and forth today. And we just want to select that folder. So folder from list call mine demo and part five demo. And what we want to watch for we want to watch when a file is created inside of the folder. Right? That's what we want. Okay. Once you create your Google Drive trigger, what you're going to do is we're going to hop into our demo, our little demo folder we created for Rag. And then I want you just just put in one file at first. I don't want you to put in more than one. We're just going to drag in one. Right. Once you do that, hop back into Naden. Click into the trigger and hit fetch test event. And you'll see it grabbed that one file we put in there. I want you to pin this data. So come up to the right. You're going to pin that. And that way we can use this for the rest of our injection workflow. So what happens is once the trigger occurs, we now need to download the file. So search for Google Drive. And you're going to go to download a file. Once inside here, the file you're going to download is going to be by ID and the ID it's going to be here on the left. So as you scroll down, it's going to be underneath kind and it's going to say ID. So it'll say kind ID then name. So this ID drag into there. So it should be JSON ID. We're then going to execute step and you should see it populate over here on the right. You should see should be called data. You should see the file name, file extension, all this stuff. Cool. So now I've downloaded that file. Now you have to imagine when this is on active, it'll do it for all the things you do, right? Not just one item. It'll do it for two, three, four, five, as many documents as you put in there. But we're just testing it with one to start. Next up, we're going to add Pine Cone Vector Store. And we're going to do add documents to vector store. So this is where we actually put it in to our vector database. So we're going to be inserting documents. Which one are we doing from a list? So we're going to pick the one we created. So we're going to be inserting documents. The index is going to be the one we just created. So for me it's called part five. Embedding batch size. You can keep it at 200 for now. That's how many documents it can take in their max. We're just doing one. So we're totally good. Then we're also going to do pine cone namespace. So a namespace is think of it as a if the vector database is a house inside of pine cone, right? The database is a house. The name spaces are different rooms and each room you can give them a special name space. So you can have one for in my example be meeting notes because everything I'm putting in there today is going to be meeting notes. You could have it be called anything else you want. It just makes it a little bit easier for the AI to be able to like go through the maze that is the rag system and the rag database and find where your documents are. So if you ask it a question about meeting notes, it's like oh cool let me go check the meeting notes name space. So we're going to call it meeting notes and then we're going to execute step. And we did not do an embedding sub node. Love that. So we're going to come over here to the left the left one embedding. Click that. You're going to go to embeddings open AI and we're going to do text embedding three small which is the same setting we had when we created pine cone. Okay. Then we need to go to document loaders. We're going to do default data loader. And then for type of data we're going to do binary. And then we're going do load all input data automatically detect the mime type and text splitting. We'll keep it simple. Now let's go into pine cone vector store. And so it should be pine cone index part 5 insert documents 200 meeting notes. Let's execute. Okay, looks like we got some sort of error here. You might have gotten the same thing where it says vector dimension 1536 does not match the dimension of 512. That's okay. There's an easy fix for that. I think Pine Cone did a recent update because it used to I think automatically um default to the same dimensions. All that means is we had a problem here in our embeddings. So, we're going to go to embeddings and we're going to go to dimensions and we're going to switch this to 512. So, that's all that's going to happen. We're just going to match this dimensions with what it's telling us is going on inside of Pine Cone. If we go into Pine Cone real quick, um where is Pine Cone? We see right here. See where it says dimensions 512. We just have to make sure that matches with our embeddings. And it didn't match at that point. So that's okay. Easy fix. Come back in here. Once you set that to 512, just go ahead and run it one more time. So there we go. It was successful. Now, if we go back inside of Pine Cone, this is what we should see, right? We should see records. We should now see a name space that says meeting notes. And we should see two hits, right? because it divided our um document, our our PDF into two different chunks, right? Remember how we talked about chunking before. So, this is what you should see. If you don't see it right away, just give it a second and refresh the page. But we now have a document inside of our rag system. So, now let's go back to NAD. And what we have now is we've successfully set up our injection system. Once we set it to active, it's going to automatically grab everything. But now, what we want to do is we want to set up the actual tool. So click into here and now we're just going to say um give it a description probably something to do with the notes you have. So um description grab meeting note data from pine cone database. What index do we want? We want part five. Next we have limit. And that's you saying well how many snippets of data? How many chunks do you want it to grab every time we ask it a question? Right? So obviously you don't want too little, but you also don't want too much. So we'll stick with four for now. That'll be good. For rerank, we'll leave that blank for now. And for options, we can actually add the name space. So I called mine meeting notes. So if you had some sort of AI agent that you know you only wanted dealing with a specific name space inside of your vector database, this is where you would put it. So right now we're just only working with meeting notes. So I'm just going to put meeting notes. Then for embedding, same one as Whoops. same one as before. So we're going to do not oama, we're going to do open AI when you're text embedding three small and then make sure those dimensions match which for us is 512. So what I want you to do now is we just can save it and let's just update our system prompt again. Every time we add a new tool, we're going to add a new prompt. So we're going to say pine cone vector store use this tool to query the pine cone vector database to answer questions about meeting notes. So ingestion system done tool added system prompt updated. Now what do we do? Now we test. Now again, this has all been very, very basic. We've added one item. We gave it a very specific name space. So, we've really set oursel up for success here. So, what I want you to do is ask it a specific question about whatever document you gave it and see what sort of answer it gives you. Because remember, it's now looking at documents. It's not looking at trading data or anything else. So, we're going to open the chat and let me remember which see which one I put in there. I put in Q1 product launch. What's even in this document? Um, So let's ask what's our Q1 marketing and sales strategy here. What is our Q1 marketing and sales strategy? And let's see if it works on the first attempt. Boom. Orchestrator hits the model. Perfect. It hit the vine pine cone vector store. So we know it went inside of that vector database and actually try to find some answers. So let's pull this up. Q1 marketing sales Davis KPI will be unit uh user acquisition cost all the sorts of stuff even goes into action items now does that match? Yep, sure looks like it. So great. First try it totally worked. You know, didn't run into any errors whatsoever. I'm sure you didn't either. Um so yeah, that's rag in action. So let's try to like beef this up a little bit. Let's now run it with all the documents, right? We're going to put all the documents in there now. So, come to this Google Drive trigger. Get rid of this pin. I want you to save this. I want you to set it to active. So, now that trigger is just waiting. It's waiting to see if we add any documents. So, we're going to come inside here. I want you to take your other documents that you have, whether that's 10 documents, whatever, and we're going to put it in here, right? Dump them all in at once. And now what should happen as these uploads occur. If we go inside our workflow, if we go to executions, we should see here on the left, there we go. Right, it running. So it noticed, hey, it just added some stuff. Um, so we're going to be able to see if it actually grabbed all the documents that we added. And how many documents did I add? I added three items. And what do we see down here? Three. Three. Added them. We go into Pine Cone. Have to wait a little bit for it to update. So let's refresh this guy. Mine can be a little little slow sometimes. But here we go. See, we see a lot more a lot more has been added. Good, good, good, good, good. So, what did we just prove? We just proved that our ingestion system is working as advertised even when it's set to active. So, anytime we throw something in there, it's going to do what it needs to do. Now, it worked just fine when we did one document, right? What happens if we add more documents like we just did and more documents? What if I had a thousand documents in there? How accurate is it going to be? Depends. Right? This is a very very simple um implementation of rag, right? When I showed you earlier this one, obviously you can see there's a lot going on in system and that's to make it more accurate. We're adding metadata. We're tagging what article it's coming from. We're making sure all the chunks point back to the same document. We even link the document. We answer questions, right? That's the level we're eventually going to get to and you can check out the videos if you want to see that in action. But what you will notice is the more documents you get, sometimes it becomes less accurate, right? And that's just a function of that chunking system. But one way we can get around that is with reranking. What is reranking? Well, we're going to click this. We're going to click rerank results. We're going to come here to the reranker. We're going to click that button. We're going to do re-ranker cohhere. We are going to use reranker cohhere now. Uh we're going to go to cohhere.com. We're do that right now. And you're going to sign up. you are going to need to give it some sort of billing. The amount it's going to cost you every single time you run this. It's a pay as you go is 1/5if of 1 cent. That's how much it's going to cost you. So scr up whatever chain what change you have, you know, call in some favors, but you're going to need to do this. And you're going to go to um dashboard. So go to dashboard.co.com. Should look like this. Come to the left. You're going to go to API keys. Create some sort of production key that you need. So, I'll create a new one, call it part five demo, and I'll explain exactly what coher does in a second. But you're going to create a production key. You're going to copy it. We're going to go back into edit end. We're going to create a new credential inside of Coher, right? Just paste the API key in. Done. Easy, easy. Now, what did we just do? I just ran you through that really fast. We added reranker co to our pine cone system. What does that actually mean in reality? So let's go back to executions real quick and I want you to go back to where we answered our first question. Right? Remember when I asked that question about the single document we had? Should look something like this. If you click into pine cone vector store, right? We can see the logs, right? And we can see what it grabbed. So we just had one document in there, right? So, it grabbed the two chunks it had and it was easy for it to do it. But if we had a thousand documents in there, it would have grabbed four total chunks based on our limit. And it's going to grab those not at random. It's doing the best it can with what it has, but it just grabs the four chunks it thinks are good and then it just goes with it. Its speed and its cost are what it prioritizes, right? It wants to be fast and it wants to be cheap. What re-ranker does is we're still going to grab a certain amount of snippets. We're actually going to increase the amount that we grab, right? We'll actually increase that to like 10. Well, in this case, I only have eight in there. So, I'll increase mine to eight. But it takes those snippets and then before just sending off an answer, it then ranks them. It ranks them based on how relevant it thinks each snippet is, each chunk is to our answer. And right, you might think, well, why doesn't Rag do that in the beginning? Well, remember what I said? It's prioritizing speed and cost. And Ranker adds a little bit of time to it and adds a little bit of cost. They're both small, but at scale, imagine these things add up. But we want to be accurate. So we're adding reranker co here. So that's what we've done. So now that we have that in our pocket, once you go to pine cone vector store, we're going to increase this limit. For me, it's going to be eight. So that should grab pretty much everything. And now I want you to ask it. You can even ask it the same question if you want or whatever you want to do. Ask it some question about something. I'm going to ask D. What is what is our Q1 strategy? Now, this one's kind of vague, too, because am I asking about the Q1 meeting notes or am I asking about Q4 meeting notes talking about the next quarter, right? So, we'll see how it does with sort of this vague prompt. So, it gave me some key points. Hey, back to uh Chloe Davis. So, it has that user feedback. But what I care about right now, this was actually correct answer. What we care about is let's look into here and let's kind of see what these responses look like. So once I'm in here, if I go to logs and I go to rerank or co here, you can kind of see what's happening here. So the input is the the input are the initial snippets, the initial chunks that it grabbed, right? These are the first eight chunks or however many chunks it grabbed. I think it grabbed one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Okay, so it grabbed eight. So it grabbed the eight that it thinks is relevant. And then cohhere. What it does is it takes those eight and it gives it a relevant score. So you see that right here, right? Relevant score 67, relevant score.7, right? So it grabbed the top two that it thought were relevant to the actual answer. And lo and behold, they're ones that actually talk about Q1 stuff, right? So I actually got three of them. So 67.7. So reranker just allows us to take the best of what we grab which gives us more accurate answers which is why you should always be adding reranker cohhere to your rag systems and also know that ranker cohhere is a relatively new addition to n just in the last month. So if you're using it consider yourself ahead of the curve. So we're going to save this and this is where I'm going to leave you at the end of part five with us setting up vector databases setting up rag. Again we did a very simple implementation. We just asked it a couple questions, but in the next lesson, we're going to tie this all together, right? We've done some content stuff. We've done some rag stuff. Well, guess what we're going to do next? We're going to smash those together. We're going to add some documents to our rag database that we want to create content on. So, that's what I want you to think about. What would you in reality want to create content on, right? We'll do some LinkedIn posts again, but what do you want them to be about? Right? Maybe it's something about your business, maybe about something you actually care about. Think about that and then go add them to your database. go add them to your rag system, right? Start getting this up and ready to go. We'll go through it in part six. But that's where we're headed, right? We're headed to not just knowing what rag does in a vacuum, which is kind of what we did here. We're actually going to integrate it into the system we've been building on. So, that's going to be part six. I hope you guys like part five. As always, let me know what you thought about it in the comments. And you can get tons of resources on my school if you haven't already checked that out already. And I'll see you around. Hello and welcome to part six of my NN master class series where I take you somebody who has no idea what NN is or how AI agents even work and turn you into somebody who can make sophisticated AI workflows and even sell them. In part five of this series, we finally started diving into some more complex topics, namely Rag. We created our own vector database inside of Pine Cone. We set up an entire data ingestion pipeline using Google Drive. And then we connected it all together and had our AI agent answer questions about whatever documents we put inside of it. Now, in part six, we're going to continue ramping up the complexity of our AI agent ecosystem by showing you how to take whatever you build inside of NADN and put it somewhere else. Namely, in today's video, we're going to be using Lovable. So, I'm going to show you how to create your own web page using Lovable and then hook up your Naden AI agent to it. Now, why are we doing this? Why does it matter? Well, you don't want to be inside of NADN interacting with your AI agent all the time. Imagine some extremely complex AI agent you've made that has all these different tools associated with it. Do you want to have to go inside NADN every single time, open up this chat message, and talk to it that way? No, of course not. You're going to want to be able to add it to any number of external integrations, whether that's Telegram, Slack, a web page, right? Your CRM. There's a million different places you are going to want to be able to put your AI agent and have either you or your team interact with it. And to do that, you need to learn how to connect it with external stuff like lovable, which is what we're going to do today. And so, we aren't just going to learn how to create web pages using Lovable. We're going to dive into things like web hooks, how they work, what they're actually doing, and what we need to edit inside of our AI agents every single time we add some sort of external integration. And so while the endgame of today's lesson is relatively simple, which is essentially change the interface in which we interact with our AI agent, it's actually really really important to internalize this because no matter what you build, you're going to want to put it somewhere else. And the lessons you learn here are going to remain the same. How you set up the web hooks, how you test out the data, and what you need to change inside of here to get it working wherever you want. So without further ado, let's actually jump into it and head over to Leovable. Now, if you've never used Lovable before, it's actually a really cool web app that essentially is like chat GBT for creating your own web apps and web pages. You just prompt it. It does what you want to do. It actually has like a lot of depth to it. So, if you want to kind of, you know, dive down that rabbit hole, I have longer videos on it like the ability to hook it up to Superbase, do authentication, do Stripe integration, tons of stuff. I really, really loveable. Um, and you get free uh I believe it's five free messages back and forth. So, you should be able to do what we're doing today, which is the five messages. Um, if not, it resets every 24 hours. So, we'll see what we can get out of it, but honestly, I would suggest getting a uh membership. They don't pay me. I wish they did. But what we're going to do for a prompt is we're just going to say, "Hey, I want you to build a super cool web page that I can interact with my AI agent." So, that's what I'm going to do now. So, what did I write? I said, "I want you to create a stunning web page that acts as a frontend to my Naden AI agent. I want to be able to send text to the agent and receive back answers. The get web hook is blank. Now, what is the web hook? Well, the web hook is what is going to allow us to send data to loable and get data back, right? Think of a web hook as an API. Remember APIs? We talked about that in one of the first lessons. It's just a way for two programs to exchange information. So, we're going to search for web hook and you're going to see this test URL production http method path blah blah blah blah blah. Here's what we care about. Respond. You're going to do using respond to web hook node. You want to click production URL. Click that, copy it, go into lovable, paste that in there. So it's going to say the get web hook is blah blah blah blah. That web hook is essentially like the link to the door to get inside of any and send a data. So have that start creating. We're going to go back into any. We're going to talk about web hooks for a second. So web hook, we're getting rid of chat message. Add that guy. Hit plus here. Search for web hook again. And you're going to do respond to web hook this time. Keep this all the same. And it should look something like this. Web hook agent web hook. Like I talked about before, this web hook is what's taking the data from lovable and sending it to our agent. So whatever I say to lovable over here on our web page, it's going to get sent to here. The AI agent's going to act just like it normally does. And then it's going to send data back over here. And so from lovable to the agent back to lovable, right? Imagine this chat message is lovable, right? You got this little circle of data flowing back and forth. Now, this web hook could be anything, right? Like I said before, this could be a Slack trigger, this could be Telegram trigger, whatever. What's important is anytime you change the trigger or where data is coming from, like what data is kickstarting your AI agent, there's two things you always need to think about because they're probably going to need to be edited. One is going to be inside here, inside the AI agent, and one is going to be inside the memory. So inside the AI agent, you have the s the source for prompt. Now for our last five lessons, these have always been the chat trigger node, but that's going to change now because it's obviously not coming from the chat trigger. It's going to be defined below and it's going to have to be something that goes in here. Now, what is that something going to be? I'll show you later. We can switch it back to chat for now. Same thing with memory. We need to give it a new session key. So the session key is like a tag for every conversation you have with it. So it kind of remembers what conversation was what. Normally it's automatically done via the chat trigger node. But again, we're going to have to do define below and give it a key, right? What that key will be depends. We'll dive into that in a second. Again, you can put it back to chat trigger for now. That noise, I'm not sure if it came through, was lovable, telling us, hey, we're done. Boom. Okay, here it is. Here's our little AI assistant. This is, think of the chat window we had before in a now on this web page, right? This is a very simplistic version. And this could be we could really spruce this up, but we're just keeping it simple for now. So, what's going to happen? I'm going to tell you what's going to happen. We're going to send in a message and an error is going to occur. And then we're going to go through some troubleshooting steps and show you where the data should be going. Now, the first thing you want to do with level because it always screws this up every time. Go to production URL, copy this again, and tell it, hey, make sure the data is going to loable through this web hook. So I said, "Hey, make sure the messages I send are going through this get web hook because it never does it right the first time. You always have to double check. It'll do a post web hook instead. It always has to be get." So, okay, it says it's implemented. Now, what's going to happen is I'm going to give it a message. And in a perfect world, that message would go to our NAN backend. It would process it like normal and then would send us a response. But we're going to get an error and it's expected. So, I said hello. We got an error. And what we want to do is we want to go back into nen. We want to go to executions and we want to see an error here. Good. I know this is an older one. What are we looking for? We're looking for an error. And I'm not seeing an error. Now, why is that? Okay. So, the actual problem was I hadn't saved my workflow. So, make sure you save your workflow after you do that web hook. Go into lovable, send another message, go back into nm, go to executions, and you're going to see this. You're going to see an error on your last message. Now, why is that? Well, if we go to debug and editor, we see that the web hook got information. But if I click on here, right, remember that we had an issue with our source for the prompt. So, we need to change that to define below. And what the prompt should be is the prompt should be the message. And if I come down here on the left under query, you'll see message. It says hi. We're going to put that in there. That means the prompt is always going to be whatever the message is from lovable. So, I'm saying hey, whatever this is, whatever message I send, this needs to be the prompt. Easy. Now, same thing with simple memory. We're going to go to define below. Come over here to mapping. Go to web hook. And now we need to figure out what we want to put as a key. Remember, the key needs to be some sort of unique identifier for every conversation. You could have lovable send like a unique ID for every message. But for this, we're just going to use the real IP. So, just drag over this IP over here. Some you just need something that's unique and this works just fine. So now I'm going to save this. I'm going to execute the step and we should see it run normally. And if I scroll down here to the right, you'll see on the bottom the output. Hello, how can I assist you today? So it got the message from lovable and we know it actually gave us a response inside of NAN. So half the battle has already been won. Now what we need to do is we need to figure out, hey, how do we push this data from NADN back to lovable? And the way we do that is going to be through this web hook. But similar to our first troubleshooting steps, we're probably going to see an issue here as well. So what we're going to do is we're going to try to preempt this, right? We're going to go to output. I want you to copy this and we're going to tell Lovable, hey, you're about to get you're going to get responses from NAN that look like this. So I said, hey, NAN is going to give you responses in JSON that look like this. And I copied and pasted the output. This is us just telling lovable, hey, make sure the web page is ready to take the edit end responses and parse it properly, right? Because it might not have done it automatically. So, this is just us preempting it. And once it does its edits, we're going to send the message. So, it said it updated it. So, if I come inside here and go to respond to web hook and I hit execute step, it's probably not going to show it yet. And that's okay. So, let's go back. Make sure this is saved. Go to level and let's test it one more time and say hello. I received your message but couldn't generate a response. Back to executions. Let's see the latest one. Now this whole back and forth with troubleshooting and executions. Get used to this. This is what it's like when you are connecting your AI agent to some sort of external source. Whether that's lovable, which tends to be the most finicky, or even something like Slack or Telegram, right? This kind of like initial battle where you're trying to see like where data is going, where it's getting stuck, what needs to be changed. This is just part of the process and it's one you need to get comfortable with and understand if you really want to like start using these for real in production because you're never just going to have these things sitting at any end. You're always going to push it to something external. So just make peace with this sort of like process, right? But this is really what you want, right? Cuz right here, green check marks, green check marks. I know it's working inside of Eden. Like that's if you know your a your agent's working on the back end. That's the most important part. Now we're just like, hey, how can you display what you need to display properly? So I'm going to go to copy to editor again one more time. Unpin is fine. Go into the web hook and I'm just going to copy this one more time and say same thing I said to level before. Hey, this is what the data is looking like coming out. Like you need to get ready for it. So um so I said it says there was an error, but it's working on the naden back end. The naden output looks like this. And I copy pasted it. Right? Similar to our previous message, we're just really trying to get level to fix what it needs to fix. All right. So, it says it added some logging. So, we're just going to try testing it one more time. So, it's still saying it can't receive the response. So, I'm just putting that into the lovable and having it debug. I'm not too worried about this, right? Because I know I know it's working on the back end and that's all that really matters. It's just a lovable problem. But, this is how you do it, right? You're just going to keep going back and forth. you're going to identify what the exact issue is. And if you know it's all green in the back, you know you're on the right path. So, it says, "Hey, I see the issue. The format's different than expected." You know, it really shouldn't be different than expected because I gave it to him, but that's okay. So, it says it fixed it. So, let's try it one last time. Say hello. Boom. Now, we got it working. Hi, I'm there. I'm here to help. What do you need with assistance today? Hey, can you Tell me what happened in Q4. Can't type. So I'm asking, hey, can you tell me what happened to Q4 meeting notes? Let's see if the whole rag functionality is still working. Cool. And then, hey, it gave me the meeting notes. So, hey, we we got this working now. So, I'm going to go back inside of here. I'm going go to the editor. I'm going to save this. So, let's talk about what we did real quick. We took our NAN AI agent and we now just gave it an entire website. If you're unlovable, you can actually go ahead and publish this and or set put it to GitHub and actually talk to it online and have someone else do it, too. But that was just a quick tutorial of how to set this up on an external web page. And that process is pretty much mirrored in any setup where you're putting it somewhere else, right? You're going to change the trigger. Some things will be different for each trigger, right? If I do Slack, for example, right? It'll be like, "Hey, do you want it to trigger on like an instant message or do you want to trigger if it's on a channel, whatever." But the idea that I'm gonna have to go in here and change the prompt and then I'm gonna have to go in here and change the memory. Those are the two biggest things that trip up everybody. And the general flow of like, hey, I set it up the first time. I'm going to send data, see what the data looks like, then map it, then push the data back to wherever that is, in this case, lovable, and troubleshoot there. that kind of cyclic troubleshooting process. That's just how it goes, right? Again, you got to kind of fall in love with it a little bit. But as you can see, now we have a web page with our AI agent. We're talking to it outside of NAND, and that's a huge step forward. And so, that is where I'm going to leave you at the end of part six. As you're starting to see, we're just layering more and more functionalities on this. This one might have seemed rather simple, right? we're just talking to it somewhere else. But it's actually really really important because the whole idea of turning these workflows into essentially web apps and SAS projects is huge in the AI agency space in terms of selling these to people. So this is actually really really important even if it seemed rather simple. So as always let me know what you thought of this in the comments. Check out the school if you want more resources and get ready for part seven because we have a lot more coming down the pipe as we continue to make these more and more complex. Hello and welcome to part seven of my NAND masterclass series where I take you somebody who has no idea what AI agents are or what NAND even is and turn you into somebody who can actually make sophisticated AI workflows and even sell them to people. Now, it's pretty wild to think we've already knocked out six parts of this master class series. And now we're at the point where we need to start wrapping things up. And as I was creating this lesson, I thought, well, which path do I want to go down? Right? Because there's a million different automations or AI agents that I could show you how to build, right? We could go into personal assistance, we could go into lead generation, but what's really the point of this master class? Is it to show you a bunch of random examples and have you kind of like pick up some NAN foundational truths along the way? or is it to give you the baseline skills and eventually the frameworks to build whatever it is you want? And the answer is the latter. Right? The point of this masterclass series is to give you the skills and the frameworks to use AI, to use automation, to solve whatever your particular use case is. And I'm never going to know what that is. Only you are. And so what we've actually been doing these last six lessons is giving you the base skills you need to create anything you want. Right? there's a certain level of competence you need to create agents and automations and that's what we've covered so far and what you're looking at right now is a list of those things we've covered right we've done everything from the NAND interface itself to APIs to rag to external triggers and everything in between and while we could go through literally hundreds of different automations and agent examples from this point forward the fact is 99% of them are essentially just a combination of these 12 things and through the first six parts of this Nen master class you've actually learned how to do all of those. So now the question is no longer do you have the foundational skills to build agents, but do you have the large high-level frameworks to actually do it from scratch? And up until now, the answer to that has been no. But in this lesson, part number seven, that is what we're going to cover. We're going to go through my four-step process to creating any AI workflow you want from scratch. It's the same thing I use when I build these things for clients. So then you can take the skills that we've been building on these last six lessons and actually apply them to your life. And so, even though this lesson will be a little less hands-on in terms of actually creating anything inside of NAND, I would argue it's the most important one that you really need to internalize because this cycle, this four-step process that I'm going to give you is something you're going to apply to every single workflow you build here on out. So, let's go through this four-step cycle one by one. And I use the term cycle on purpose because this is something that's happening constantly as you build out your workflows. It's not just step one, step two, step three, step four, we're done. every single part of the workflow, you're going to be going through this loop. And so step one of this cycle is define success, which to me is creating a PRD, a product requirements document. So why is step one create a product requirements document? I thought we were trying to create an AI workflow. Well, what a PRD is going to do for us is it's going to allow us to put thoughts on paper that specifically describe what we are trying to build and what those features are. So let's use this AI lead generation automation as our example for today's lesson. Now what this automation does is it finds leads, it enriches leads, creates custom messaging for the lead and then dumps it all into instantly AI which is a platform that is used for cold email outreach. Now when I first created this automation, when it became time for me to build this from scratch, do you think I knew all the features that I needed right away? Do you think I knew that, oh yeah, I was going to specifically run Apify? I needed to parse the lead data afterwards. I need to do company research in this manner. No. No, of course not. And neither are you. off the bat, all you're going to know is, "Yeah, I need to do a lead generation automation and probably enrich it." Like, that's where you're going to start, and that's okay. But you need to flesh that out because if you just go into a blank canvas, right? And that's all you're starting with, you're going to struggle, and really, you're just going to take up a ton of time. And we want to eliminate that. And so, that's where the PRD comes in. And this is where you also lean very heavily on AI. You're going to go to Claude Gemini chat GBPT and you're going to have it create this PRD for you. And the way that works is you're just going to tell it what you're trying to build that it's inside of NAND and you need help kind of fleshing out the features. And what you're going to get is something like this. Now, the actual document itself doesn't really matter. It doesn't really matter how it's formatted or anything. What you just need is you need success to find. I'm trying to create this right this automation and it needs features A, B, and C. And so back to our cold outreach, what was that? The PRD was what I want to create an lead generation AI automation machine, but what are the features it needs? It needs some way to scrape data. That's what you see here. Feature A. And then what's feature B? I need some way to enrich that data. That's what you see here. Feature C, I need to generate custom outreach messaging. And then feature D, I need a way to actually put it somewhere where I can do cold email outreach. Right? And by breaking it down into individual features, you've now broken down your task into bite-sized chunks that you can actually handle. Right? If I tell you to do all that at once, especially when you're new, you're going to get overwhelmed. You're going to get confused, and your workflow is going to fail. So, the PRD becomes essential for you keeping your project organized and manageable. And so, the more detailed your PRD is, the easier it's going to be for you to be able to solve the problems that you need to get through to actually create the workflow you want. And so that's step one, define success. What are we trying to build? Put the thoughts on paper. Break it down into features. And those become your clear steps to success. All right, cool, Chase. We define success. That's neat. Everything's on paper, but I actually need to build at some point. So like what's step two? Well, step two is can we steal it, right? And that's kind of tongue and cheek, but is what you're trying to solve that unique and has it been done before? So are we really trying to steal someone's template? No. But what you are trying to do is you are going to go online and you're going to do some searching to see how other people have tried to solve your problem. So for our lead generation automation example, what I would do is I would go to Perplexity. That's my personal favorite. And I would just put in lead generation automation nadn. And what's going to come back? It's going to come back with Reddit post. It's going to come back with actual links to n and probably some YouTube videos. Now your use case is probably a little more unique than just a generic lead generation automation. And you won't find something that's a onetoone fit. That's okay because guess what? you are never going to find a one-on-one fit for your exact situation. What we're trying to find is just something that can get us to like 50%. If we have a 50% solution out there, that's way better than starting from scratch. And so I just go to Perplexity and I just start clicking on some links, right? Like so here's one automated lead management. Now, is this what I wanted? Did I want HubSpot? No. But I would continue going down this rabbit hole and trying to see what other people have done, right? because if nothing else, it's going to give me inspiration. Cuz when you're new as well, you haven't seen all the different ways you can kind of like play with data or all the different, you know, modules out there that may be able to help you in your specific issues because I can guarantee you someone has tried to do something within your realm of automation, right? And so like don't try to reinvent the wheel if you don't have to. When I created this one, I was able to find like a 40 50% solution. It essentially had it gave me this Apollo URL generator idea. It didn't have the parsley data. It didn't have the company research. It didn't have the instantly, but it had the Apollo URL generator. And I hadn't even thought of doing that before and it ended up working great for me. And so that's step number two. Can we steal it? Is there something online that we can use for inspo? So, we've done step one. We created our PRD. We've done step two. We've tried to see if anyone else has anything similar out there online that we can use. And then step three, it's time to finally put pen to proverbial paper and begin iterating. Now, at this point, we are going to go back to our PRD, right? Remember all those features that we talked about? Well, now we're going to go feature by feature and begin executing, right? You see right here in this one, data extraction, Apollo via Aify. Well, that would be our first feature. And that's kind of what you see here in this example. The first part of all of this is just getting data from Apollo via Ampify. And if you have no idea what any of those words mean, all I'm trying to do is get data on leads, right? Names, emails, all that stuff, right? Something to start with. That's the first feature I need to accomplish. I can't be worried about doing enriching or instantly or anything else yet. I'm hyperfocused on step one because it also allows me to just test step one. We have to take it one step at a time. And this probably seems super obvious to you, right? Wow. Take it one step at a time. But I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I can't I could have a whole video of people who like come to me with their issues with their workflows because they're trying to create something that's 10 times more complicated than this. They have no experience inside of NAND and they just try to do too much at once. Like, you have to keep it simple, right? Simple is always better. And so, we're just going to begin iterating. We're going to begin testing. We're going to begin building, which brings us into step number four, which is the most important step, and that's troubleshooting. Now, let's talk about troubleshooting because troubleshooting goes handinhand with a popular term you've probably heard lately, and that's context engineering. Now, I'm about to give you the keys to the kingdom here when it comes to troubleshooting because most people have no clue what they're doing with troubleshooting and they don't do it enough, right? You should have a constant running conversation with AI when you're trying to do things like I'm going to go over here and try to find like a recent thing I worked on, right? Like I I could keep scrolling here for probably like 30 minutes. Like this was a recent build I did for a client. It was a rag agent and it wasn't even particularly complicated. But I am constantly having back and forth with AI when I'm trying to do these builds. Anything any issue I run into, I'm bringing to AI. I'm troubleshooting. Right? It is your partner. It is your co-pilot. And that's how you have to treat it. Right? Again, this is how much I'm doing it for one agent for one build. I do this for a living. I've done this way more than you. Yours should look just like this. constant constant constant back and forth. Now, how does that back and forth go? How do I give it context? How do I troubleshoot? Here's how you do it, right? So, we're working on this and let's say we get an error. Let's say I had an error with the Apollo URL generator. Okay, here's what's going to happen. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go to my AI choice, which is Gemini for me, and then I am going to give it all the code for that workflow. Now, the way you do that is you come up here at the top right. You see these three dots? You're going to hit download. And then you're going to get ajson file inside of your downloads folder. Then I'm going to go to Gemini for me. And I'm going to dunk that code in there. Right? It's called skeleton. It's a different one just as an example. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to give it big picture context. What's big picture context? That's me telling the AI this is the workflow. This is what I'm trying to do with it. Guess what you could also give it? You could give it your PRD, right? That's all the context it really needs. You just gave it everything, right? So, here's the code. Here's what I'm trying to solve. Next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to give it tactical context. So, small picture. Where is my error and what does it look like? So, if my error was here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a screenshot of this picture, right, of the module itself. I'm then going to put that into AI and then I'm going to give it context as well. Here's what the error looks like. Here's what the error is saying. And here's when I'm seeing it. Right? So now it knows what I'm trying to do big picture. It knows what the error is small picture. And what it's going to give me back is some sort of troubleshooting steps. And if you're lucky, the first steps it's going to give you are going to work just fine. And your problem will be solved and you're on your way. If not, you're just going to repeat the process. Now once you give it big picture context once you don't need to continue doing that but continue going into whatever module is giving you issues giving it a screenshot updating the context telling it hey the last uh troubleshooting step you gave me didn't work and here's why and that is how you troubleshoot and I guarantee you if you run that cycle enough times that it won't be that many you're going to be able to solve your problem and once you've solved your problem for feature number one guess what time it is it's time to repeat the whole cycle for feature number too. So what are you going to do? You're going to find success. You already did that with the PRD. Can you steal it? Has anyone tried to do what you're doing with feature number two before? Go over Plexity. See if someone has. Iterate. Begin building four. Troubleshoot till it works. Repeat, repeat, repeat. You just repeat this cycle over and over. Right? This is all you're doing the whole time. And it doesn't stop. You just keep doing this till you have solved your problem. And if this seems relatively simple, it's because it is, right? There's nothing magic about creating these AI systems from scratch, truly. But you do need some sort of framework to keep you honest and keep you on track so you don't get lost in the weeds and have to start all over because your thing's so busted. And so if you're disciplined enough to stick with that framework, I guarantee you, you can create any sort of AI workflow you want with the skills you already have because there's nothing out there that you really don't have the skills to already create, right? APIs, HTTP requests, proper system prompts, tool usage, rag, vector databases, all that. We've covered it. You know how to do it. You just don't know how to apply it yet. And this framework is going to give you sort of your left and right limits to create whatever you need to. And so I would tell you take a screenshot of this, commit this to memory, practice it, because this is your golden ticket to creating any AI workflow you want. And it's why I think this lesson is the most important one in this entire master class, right? Because we've learned the tools, we've learned the baseline foundations, and now you have a way to apply it. So, that's where I'm going to leave you at the end of part seven. And I've been saying it over and over again in this lesson, and I truly mean it. You really do have the skills now to build any sort of AI workflow you want. You just now need the practice. Now, we still have one more part in this master class series, and that's going to be part eight. And that's where I'm going to kind of go into the business side of this, right? What are your options for sourcing clients? How do we do pricing? How do we implement these things? Right? A lot of the stuff that everyone kinds a gloss over. It doesn't tell you at all. We're going to cover that in lesson 8. So, lastly, make sure you check out my school. There's links to that below if you want to get more guides and resources of like how to build and use these AI agents. And I'll see you in part 8. Hello, and welcome to part 8, the final video of our NAND masterass series. Now, I'm really excited for this episode because we're finally going to dive into how you can actually make money with all these AI agents and automations, right? How do you sell these things? Who do you sell them to? Where do you find clients? How do you price? How do you implement? All these questions we are going to go over today and what's going to be essentially a 20 to 30 minute AI agency crash course for you. Now, I know exactly what you're thinking. Chase, I just struggled through seven videos of how to build basic AI automations and agents. How could I possibly know enough to actually start selling these things now? Well, first you know more than you think. Second, what you need now if you actually want to start make money with this is you need to start working on sourcing clients and you need to spend less time on actually building random AI agents and automations, right? You need to step away from YouTube tutorial hell. You don't need to spend the next 100 hours learning how to build random AI agents. You just need to focus on the ones that actually drive value and people actually want to buy. And in this video, I'm going to tell you exactly what those AI agents and automations are. Right? there's really only a handful that you need to master and learn how to build. And in many cases, people make entire careers off of just building one of them, right? So, you need to go deeper on the ones that matter and not get distracted on the edges like watching random YouTube videos on random automations that no one cares about wants to buy, right? So, I'm going to tell you what you need to focus on in this video. I'm going to tell you how you can find clients. And as I show you these automations and agents, I think you'll start to see that well, we've actually touched on a lot of these things. And even the ones we haven't explicitly talked to, you've already dove into the different building blocks that once assembled look just like these AI agents and automation. So you're farther along than you think. And I if you want to actually make money in the space, I think this lesson is for you. So here's what we're going to talk about today. We're going to talk about what agents to sell, how you get clients, how to price these AI agents and automations, and then lastly, how do you actually implement it, right? If you find someone who wants to buy from you, how do you actually give this to them? Because it's not as intuitive as you think. So, let's get started and jump right away into what you need to sell. So, here are the four types of AI solutions you need to master if you want to be able to make money, right? So, the four are rag agents, lead generation automations, voice agents, and content creation automations. Now, I'm going to show you examples of all four of these. I'm going to link you to videos of all four of these, and I have templates for all of these in my school. So obviously just go down below and click the link to get them. So rag agents first of all you remember rag we've already dived into it a little bit with pine cone. Now what will that look like in terms of actual client level rag? Well it's going to look something like this. Now, this obviously looks a little more complex than what we were working with before, right? We have superbase instead of pine cone, but long story short, this is essentially the same thing, right? We have our AI agent that's able to talk to our rag vector database. All you see here in the red, that's just a more robust data ingestion system. Right? Remember, we had Google Drive that went into Pine Cone. Well, this is the same thing except it's Google Drive that goes into Superbase. And the only other thing that's happening along the way is we're just giving up some metadata. Like we're tagging the data. We're saying like, "Hey, you were part of this document and I put you in here at this date and this is your version, right? Just to make it a little bit easier for looking things up. And we look at both PDF and text files. And lastly, we get rid of any like duplicates, right? So looks scary at first, but really not too much extra going on. And then below here, alls we have is just a system that makes sure that hey, if I delete a file inside of my Google Drive, is it being deleted over there in the vector database? Well, this makes sure that is what is happening. So, just a little bit of like data cleanup. That's the only difference. And again, looks scary at first, right? There's a lot going on. There's a lot of color boxes, but really, you've already done 80% of this. And this is the most popular AI agent. Why? Well, the reason it's the most popular is because you're taking essentially chat GPT and you're shoving it into somebody's business, right? It's now ChatGBT that's been trained on their files. It's part of their team. It knows what's going on in their project and now it can actually do things on their behalf. So, the way you sell it and the way you pitch it is a rag agent is chat GPT plugged into your business and it can now act as a member of your team, right? It's trained on your stuff. It knows what's going on inside of your company and it can do things, right? And that's a pretty powerful tool when you think of it like that. So, rag agents, they always sell well. They're very flexible and you can kind of put them wherever you want to, right? We did it inside of a chat window, but you could throw it inside of Slack. You could do something where it's on a web app sort of web page like we did with Lovable. Very, very flexible. You can do a million things with it. Next, lead generation automations. Now, why is lead generation automations such a good seller? Well, because it's easy to show the ROI, right? If I have an automation that says I'm going to bring in more clients for you and clients equals money, well then it's kind of obvious that this is probably worth the price of admission, right? I'm getting you more clients, which leads you more money, therefore give me some money, right? Like that's kind of the pitch. That's almost what all the pitches really break down to if you go really reductionist is that these things will give them money, therefore they should give you a little bit less money than what they will bring in. And lead generation agents do that very, very well. Now, we haven't talked specifically to lead generation, but let's kind of like run through this at a high level. Alls we're doing is we're grabbing data from somewhere, right? We're getting some sort of lead generation, some sort of lead data, whether that's from scraping LinkedIn or getting it from a website like Apollo. But really, this front part, this is just essentially like an HTTP request, right? Or an API, right? Right here, you're using an API, you're doing an HTTP request asking for data from some outside source. That's all that hap is happening. And we've done that. From there, we then take that data that we got from the HTTP request, right? We're doing some filtering. We're throwing inside of Google Sheets, but what we're really doing is we're just doing some more research with it, right? We're giving it to AI. That's what happens down here. So, you get some lead, you get some information about a particular lead, right? An actual human being. Now, it does research about that person's company, right? That's what's happening with Tablety. We used Tavi before. So, you've done research, you know, modules before. That's all that's happening. From there, we then combine all that information, write the company information and the individual lead, and we generate a custom outreach message. Again, you're just giving it to AI with a special system prompt. You've done all this before. From there, we then take all the data, we put it inside of a Google sheet, and then we upload it to Instantly AI. Again, just an HTTP request with an API. And Instantly AI is where all the actual cold outreach happens. So when we look at it, at first it looks scary. It looks like something completely different than what we've touched on before, but in reality it's just HTTP request, HTTP request, and then we're just doing some sort of data analysis with AI. And you've done all of this. So between rag and lead generation, that's probably like 60% of what I do, 70%, right? So that's just two. You could literally make a living just off of getting really, really good at rag, 100%. So number three are voice agents. Now, voice agents can again take a ton of forms. You could have voice agents that are also rag agents, right? That's cool thing about rag is it can essentially be a foundational piece of all these things. But voice agents, we're talking like 11 labs. We're talking like AI that is either a sales rep, so it's doing outbound calls, or it's like a receptionist. It's taking inbound calls and taking appointments and stuff. I just recently put out a video on the outbound piece if you want to dive into that. But we're able to do a lot on the naden back end as well, right? And allow these agents that are making calls on the phone to then use naden to do tool calls and do a bunch of different stuff kind of what you see here. And you're able to upload it into the CRM. Now, this again doesn't look like something we've touched on one through seven on those videos. But when you break it down, all that's happening is it's web hooks. And we've touched on web hooks when it came with lovable, right? And just API calls, right? That's all that's really happening when you break it down. Now, is it going to be a little complicated at first as you deal with new, you know, web hooks and new API calls? Yes, of course. Of course. But the building blocks that create these sort of agents and automations that provide value, again, you know them. You aren't a hundred more YouTube tutorials away from learning them. You kind of just have to commit to the process that you've already started and deep dive on these important agents that people actually buy. So, voice agents, right? Voice agents, easy to pitch them because the value is rather obvious. I'm giving you an AI voice. I'm giving you an AI sales rep or an AI receptionist or something in between that works at all hours of the day. It's tied into your CRM and you pay it a small percentage of what you would pay a normal human. That's the pitch. Lastly, content automations, right? Every company wants to do some sort of social media content creation, right? Whether that's LinkedIn or short form videos or car carousels, right? This is part of their essentially marketing budget, but people don't want to put in the work for it because it is a lot of work to have a person doing all of your content. And for a lot of people, they're cool with just some sort of automated stuff that hits like LinkedIn or blog post or whatever, right? And that's where you come in. And you can very easily create content machines like this, right? This is something that's essentially just taking a niche that's given to it by the user. It does some research about it via Tavi. It adds an image that it creates with G chat GPT and then it posts it, right? That's all that's happening, right? You're just doing a little research. You're doing some sort of system prompt that's like, hey, this is what the company wants to sound like. You can add an AI created image if you want. Often times they don't even want one. And then you just post it. It's honestly extremely basic and easy. And everyone knows they need to be out there doing some sort of content play, right? But a lot of businesses just don't have the time or the bandwidth to do it. And again, that's where you come in. And so that's what you have to learn and that's what you sell, right? It's these four. It's some combination of these four. I know people who make a ton of money just doing voice agents, for example. So, you don't even have to really have all four in your back pocket. But the more you have, the better, the more flexible you are. And I will say these four encompass 90% of what I do. So dive into these, kind of have some blinders on. Master these foundational things. And as you saw, none of these are wildly complicated. They're really not, right? Just stick with the basics cuz the basics provide value and they solve problems. Now, let's talk about arguably the most important thing, and that's sourcing clients, right? How do I actually find people who will pay me for these stuff, right? because you have could have the greatest automation, the greatest AI agent in the world, but if nobody knows about it, you're not going to get paid. So, this is really really important, right? What are the different sales funnels? What are the different pathways I have to get people? Now, there's really four of them, right? Your worm network. That's like people you know, friends, family, co-workers who actually care about you hopefully. Two is freelancing websites. Three is called outreach. And four, social media. All these require kind of slightly different plays and they all pay off at different times and they're all going to have different reach and they all require a little bit of different amount of work. So at the beginning you're not going to know which one you're good at either and you're not going to know like where gold lies for you because there's a lot of people who eventually just kind of stick to one of these, right? There's people who make their whole living off freelancing websites. I'm talking like freelancer Upwork. There's other people who are just like cold email machines. This is where they get all of your leads. other people exclusively do social media, right? Like, but you don't know which one you are going to be good at and you don't know which one's going to make sense and bring in the most amount of money. So, at the beginning, what you have to do is you have to cast a very wide net, do a lot of volume and hit all four of these funnels and then over time see what works, what doesn't, what you like, right? What makes you not completely want to just like quit and then double down on that? So, let's kind of talk about them one at a time. Warm network, that's your friends and family. This is your co-workers. This is where you reach out to them. And it is not a pushy play. You're just telling them, "Hey, my name is Chase. You know who I am, right? Like, I just started an AI agency. You know, really excited. I've been thinking about this for a while. I'm not asking to do anything for you, but I was wondering if you knew anybody who might need my work. Would love would love to be put in touch with them." Like, that's it. Like super low threat, very very nonpushy, non-sales. Like you're just telling people, "Hey, I just started an AI agency. Do you know anyone who might need some help? Now, they're going to be able to read between the lines and be like, "Oh, if I need help, I'll ask him." But you're not even pushing that on them at all. Right? But this is scary for a lot of people because this is very outside their comfort zone. But you need to let people make the decision for themselves. Let your friends, let your family say no. Don't make don't say no for them, right? So, put yourself out there. And this is going to be the easiest way to get clients. It's going to be the easiest and fastest way to get clients off the bat because people will go out on lump for you if they don't totally hate you. So, you have to do this. This is the first play you do right away. Now, second way, freelancing websites. I'm talking about things like Freelancer and Upwork, right? This is where you actually make a profile and this is where you actually bid on jobs. Now, these sometimes get a bad rap because a lot of these websites also take a cut and you're competing against people and it doesn't always feel great. get over it. Honestly, you kind of have to just get over it, right? You don't have any clients and you are not in a place where you can turn your nose up at different funnels that can actually bring you money. And these are a great place for it. Now, why are these places awesome for it? Well, because the leads are right there, right? These are websites that have people who are willing to pay and they know what they want. And that's like 90% of your problem right now is you finding people who need need your work and are willing to pay. Well, they're right here. They're just waiting for you, right? You just have to go and get them and you have to apply at scale. I'm talking your first month of doing this, you should probably be putting out 50 to 100 applications. So, that's multiple applications a day. And your applications can't suck. And so, when it comes to these websites, big thing, you need to flesh out your profile. You need to have a profile picture. And you probably need to be doing like very personalized applications for each and every job. My suggestion, do video applications. People again will hate that. But guess what? You need to learn how to be able to articulate who you are, why they should care, and what your solution is going to be on camera. Because guess what you're going to do when you get on a call? You're going to need to articulate who you are, why should why people should care, and why they should use your product on camera. And this is a great way to do that, right? This is a great way to get reps cuz you're going to suck really, really bad at first until you don't. Lastly, cold outreach. This is email, right? And again, guess what we have here? We have lead generation automations that we are already selling people that we can also use ourselves, right? So, you need to figure out what your cold outreach program is going to be. My suggestion, use instantly, right? It's a really good program. Um, it's just instantly.ai. Everyone who's in my school gets 20% off because they hooked it up. But instantly is awesome. Basically, you're going to just use something like this that grabs people's names, emails, etc. or you're going to give them a custom message and then you're going to blast out a,000 to 2,000 emails every single month. Now, there are entire courses built on how to properly do cold email. I'm not going to go super deep into it now. I do in the school, but just know that's what you need to be doing, right? You need to be doing cold email outreach at scale because you just need to put your name out there because nobody knows you exist. And until they know you exist, you're not going to get paid. Now, lastly, social media. I'm not saying you need to get a camera get on camera and show your face right away and start pretending you're any of your favorite creators, but you do need to lean into it because out of all these, social media has the greatest ROI, but it's the longest burn. So, compared to Warm Network, Warm Network right away has the smallest reach, but it's going to give you the most instantaneous results. Social media is exact opposite. It's going to be months until you probably get any inbound leads because of it. But once you do get that network, once you do get that brand, it's going to pay off immensely. Now, obviously, I'm biased in this respect, but you cannot sleep on social media. And you don't have to go in right away super super hard, right? Like make it very low thread at first. Just post on like different websites and niches that you kind of want to reach out to, right? even if that's on places like Reddit or Facebook, you know, like slowly start engaging with these communities and then eventually take it a step up and start posting on LinkedIn. And then once you kind of get your feet under there, start doing more short form, right? You don't have to put your face out there, but you do need to figure out your social media strategy because in the long run, this is going to pay off more than any of the others or at least have the potential to. So, that's how you find clients. Form network, freelancing, cold outreach, social media each have different payoffs. I don't care if you don't want to do one of them. Do it at the beginning. You need a wide net and you need to figure out what you're good at cuz you don't know yet. All right, let's say you defeat the odds and you somehow actually get someone to talk to you, right? And they're willing to buy. Believe it or not, you found a client, they want to buy. How the heck do you price them? So, what you're going to hear in a lot of places is what's kind of known as value pricing. So, it's like, "Hey, I'm talking with a client. I have an automation for them and they said this automation is going to save them $10,000. Well, you know, that's great. So, how about we just do some sort of like percentage. I'll take 30%, you pay me 3K, you walk away with seven, we're both happy. And a lot of people will preach that. You know, this is how you do your pricing. It varies based on consumer. It's value based, right? Um, but everyone's happy with it. Sounds great, doesn't work. I have yet to get a client that could actually articulate a monetary value for the problem they're facing with any amount of accuracy, let alone do it for things that are rather nebulous. And also, are they telling you the truth? It's a real question. So, valuebased pricing is um just this la nonsense that I have never seen. And maybe I just have bad clients and maybe people have these awesome clients that can actually articulate it and put a dollar amount on it that's accurate. I haven't also enjoy that conversation when you talk about the value pricing deal of it and they tell you it's not saving them that much at all and then all a sudden you've been backed into a corner right off the bat where you can't even like really have a conversation about a price that makes sense for you. I just don't think value pricing works. I've never seen it in practice. Try it out. Maybe it will work for you. I don't think so. So then we just get into this even worse area and the answer is it depends. Pricing is very much it depends. There is no playbook on the stuff in the AI agency space, right? There's no Kelly Blue Book for AI agents and AI automations. So, what you price is what you can get away with. And that means price as high as you possibly can. Let the market decide when enough is enough, right? Never charge the same thing for the same automation twice. You should always charge more the second time. And just keep doing that until you hit a wall. And once you hit a wall, that is the market telling you, "Hey, you're charging way too much and no one wants to buy it." So that also is a great in theory. What does that actually mean in practical terms, Chase? Like can you actually put a dollar amount on that? Well, I think it's going to depend on your situation. If you are dying and you need money now, right, you have no clients and you're struggling, what I would suggest you charge for each of these automations, right, would be somewhere in the 25 anywhere between like the 2 to 5k range. two to 5K like you're struggling, you need clients. The other bucket is like I'm doing okay. I have little money coming in. I don't like need this or I can't eat. I would do 35 to 7K. That's your range. And then if you're doing well, you can push away clients 5 to 10K a pop for each of these, right? And that range is rather large because it's also going to depend on, hey, not all rag agents are the same. They're going to want different integrations. Basically, how much of a pain in the butt is it going to be for you, right? How much time do you think it's going to take you to actually complete this? How much of a pain in the butt is the client going to be right off these first couple conversations? Price that in, right? So, that range is kind of like your quality of life. And so, that's how you should kind of bucket pricing, right? And and why the ranges are what they are. Now, in terms of the pricing structure, 50% upfront, 50% upon completion. Um, that's pretty standard. In terms of retainers, I offer a retainer, I would say, of 10% of the total cost per month. And the pitch is I'm here for troubleshooting and I'm here for minor changes. Now, you're going to give them a product no matter what that works when you leave and you get that final 50% payment. But, if they want you around for troubleshooting and all these little things, like, they got to pay extra per month. So, that's how that works. So that's how you price it. It's nebulous. It depends. It doesn't feel good. It is what it is. Price as much as you can. Get as much money as you can. So that brings us to our fourth and final step, which is how do you implement this, right? All right. So you somehow managed to get a client. They actually agreed to your price. They signed on the dotted line. Now, how do you actually give them this product? How you actually build it? Well, what you need to do is you need to go on an onboarding call right away. Right after they sign it, get them on a call. And what you're going to do is you're going to walk them through building everything, right? So, you're going to have them go on to NAND. They're going to create an account, whether that's through self-hosting or otherwise, and they're going to put their name on it. They're going to put all their billing under their name, and then they're going to give you the login credentials because you do need the login credentials cuz you are going to build these things on their instances. What you cannot do is create your own NE instance like this own rag thing I have, and then sell access to that to somebody else. that is a violation of NADN's fair use policy. So you can't do that unless you're paying for the enterprise program, which you probably aren't. So you need to build it on their instance. So hey, what about security? They shouldn't be giving you their password is what it is. That's how you have to do it. And then from there, you're just going to go through and you're going to do the same thing for everything. So if this was a rag agent, we would then go on to Superbase, right? We go to superbase.com. He would sign up, he would put his billing on there, he would give me the credentials, right? Same thing with OpenAI. Now, there's certain things you could do like Google perhaps they aren't comfortable giving you their Google credentials and they probably shouldn't be. Well, what you'll do is you'll just go onto the NN instance you created with them, add some modules like the Google ones, and you're just going to go through the credential process with them and have them connect it right then and there. Right? This is a pain in the butt. It's going to take 20 to 30 minutes, but it's going to save you a huge headache at the end because the ideal is that once I'm finished with this, I am one message away from being like, "Hey, it's done. Here you go." Right? You don't want to deal with all this stuff on the back end. You want to get it done upfront right away because it's also a good thing for the client, right? It gives them some security because you can't just take your ball and go home at any point in time, right? They own everything. It's in their name. So, this is good for both of you and just get it done right off the bat. So onboarding call, all the billing goes in their name. All APIs, everything is their name. Push it to them, right? Nothing should be in your name. And then the credential handover, like I talked about, it just makes it super easy once everything is complete. And so that's how you actually implement these solutions for the client. And that's how the whole process goes from beginning to end. And so that was your 20 minute or so AI agency crash course. What did we just cover? Told you what to sell, right? rag content creation. We're doing voice agents and we're doing lead genen. How to source clients, warp network, cold outreach, freelancing websites and social media. How to price price as much as you can. How to implement everything in their name. Easy handover. That's pretty much 80% of it. Now, we could deep dive this way way more and as you should because there's a whole lot that we didn't cover. There's a whole lot in between the lines and and there's a whole lot of like, okay, that's what I'm supposed to do. Ow. Right? How do I write that cold email? How do I do my proposal? How how do I what are the practical steps? Well, here's my quick pitch for Chase AI, the Chase AI Plus community. I dive into all this, right? I have a 90-day essentially set of lessons that go day by day, which take you from step zero all the way to landing your first client. And landing the first client is actually the guarantee on the Chase AI Plus community. Right? If you don't get your client within 90 days, full refund. So, that's the pitch and pretty much we cover everything I just covered in here, but in great great detail. So, check it out if this is something you actually want to do. Um, if not, hey, hopefully this was enough to get you started, right? And, you know, this concludes the master class. And again, you might still feel very overwhelmed and that's totally normal, but I promise you, you actually know way more than you think now. Way more than you think, right? you really are on the verge of being able to turn around and sell the stuff to people because the actual money-making part of this has a lot less to do with AI and a whole of a hell lot more to do with the actual business fundamentals and sales fundamentals that we just covered. But in terms of the AI stuff, you actually are farther along than you think. So, um, yeah, let me know what you think in the comments. Good luck. Check out the community if you want to dive more into the AI agency bit of this and I'll see you around. Voice AI agents are one of the hottests selling AI solutions in the world right now and for good reason. They're able to do inbound calls and outbound calls, mimic sales reps and receptionists, and do all this at scale for pretty cheap. And that sort of value ad has caused the AI voice agency niche to balloon to over a billion dollar industry in a really short amount of time. But up until now, creating sophisticated AI voice agents that are actually good, that worked, that had some personalization was kind of tricky. You had to manage a huge tech stack that didn't always want to play nice with each other. And on top of that, some of the voice quality just wasn't there yet. But with some upgrades to a few of the premier voice applications like 11 Labs, that's begun to change. We've been able to shrink the text stack while creating very effective voice agents. And you can do all this with virtually no code. And that creation process is what I'm going to show you today. I'm going to show you how to create sophisticated AI voice agents from start to finish. tie them inside an actual CRM ecosystem so you can turn around and actually sell these to people. And I'm going to show you how to set up this entire voice agent from start to finish. We're going to give it a phone number through Twilio. We're going to go inside 11 Labs and actually set up our voice agent. We're going to build our NAND infrastructure on the back end like you see here. And then I'm going to show you where CRM fits into all this because if you want to actually sell these for real, this data needs to go somewhere. And every business is going to have a different CRM. So, we can't go through every possible iteration of what this will look like, but for our case, we're going to go through Air Table. And Air Table is nice because you can take all this data and you can make nice little dashboards. And guess what sells well? Dashboards. Everybody loves dashboards. So, we're going to show you pretty much the beginning to end how we can package this all nicely so you can present the value it provides to anybody. So, here's how I'm going to run this video. First, I'm going to take you through a highle overview of the tech stack and how this all works both from an inbound call side and an outbound call side because those two things differ. Then once you understand how this all works conceptually, then we're we're going to go through everything one step at a time. We're going to go to Twilio. We're going to get that phone number. We're then going to set up our sort of CRM flow because our use case for today is going to be creating essentially an outbound sales rep, right? You run a company, you have some sort of inbound lead who fills out some sort of form, and this voice AI agent is going to get to work, calling that lead, getting their information, sending it back to you, and even setting up a one-on-one meeting. And with that use case in mind, we're going to build out the 11 Labs and Naden infrastructure, all while keeping in mind various CRM tie-ins. But first, let's go through a demo. Okay, for this demo, we're pretending we are some sort of lead that's filling out some sort of form for your company. In this case, I'm saying, "I'm Chase Hagen. Here's my email. Here's my phone number and I'm requesting more information about some sort of service, right? I want this company to build me a voice AI agent. So, when this lead submits the form, that form is then going to populate inside of Air Table. Remember, Air Table is basically like Google Sheets. And then that's going to trigger the 11 Labs voice agent to call me and get some more information, actually qualify me. So, I'm going to hit submit. And then in real time, we're going to wait for the phone call to actually happen. I'm going to show you my phone and then we'll listen to my conversation. So, we hit submit. We can go to view data. We can see what the data actually looks like. And let's wait for that call. Okay, here's the phone call and I'll put it on speaker. >> Hi, Chase. This is Sarah from Chase AI. I'm reaching out to follow up on your interest in our Voice AI agent service. Hey Sarah, how's it going? >> Great, thank you. To make sure we fully understand your vision, I just have three quick questions. First, could you tell me a little more about the core problem you're hoping to solve with this AI agent? What does a successful outcome look like for your business? >> Yeah, I'd like a voice AI agent that can essentially qualify leads for me. So, it'll take in some sort of intake form and then call them and qualify them instead of a meeting. That sounds like a perfect use case for our custom AI agents. Second, to help us scope the project correctly, do you have a rough budget range in mind? It's perfectly fine if it's just an estimate. >> Yeah, my budget's $20,000. >> And finally, what is your ideal timeline for getting a solution like this implemented? >> As soon as possible. >> Thank you. That's all incredibly helpful. Based on what you've described, this is definitely the kind of project our team excels at. The next step would be a complimentary discovery session with one of our lead AI strategists. Would you be open to scheduling that? >> Yeah. Yeah, you can go ahead and schedule that for me. >> Perfect. I'll send a calendar link to your email so you can pick a time that works best. We're looking forward to digging into this with you. >> All right, sounds great. Thanks. Okay, that was the call. Um, usually the call actually happens a little faster, but even though it was a little delayed, at least from what I've seen before, it took about what, 15 seconds or so from the time we filled out the form to where it actually executed it. And you might have just saw right there on the left, we actually had some more executions happening on the back side. So, let's see if it actually sent me an email, too, like kind of following up and wanting to actually set up that meeting. it is. Here's the email. Hi Chase. Below is the calendar link. And then obviously this is a fake calendar link. But what you saw right there was from form submission to lead qualification to meeting set up. All automated in basically a minute. Now you might quibble about, hey, I don't like how the voice agent sounded or I didn't like the voice or I'd like it to do something differently. That's all customizable, right? But what we saw here is like the system in place that you are able to tweak to get it to be whatever you want. But like that was a pretty lean and pretty quick outbound calling voice agent that actually got a lot done, right? Qualified the lead, talked to them right away. Like it's a huge thing in sales to like when someone submits a form like that to get back to them, the longer you wait, the harder it is to actually make them a customer. And we did all that instantly. So let's take a little deeper dive of what sort of data we collected. Right? We had the call and you see up here that some of the information came from the form, right? first name, last name, email, phone number, service requested. But what else did we get here? Well, we got a call summary. So, it gave us a quick little blurb about, hey, what was actually talked about on this call? We get the actual lead status. We consider a lead to be qualified if they want to have a meeting. Gave us sort of a budget range, timeline. We also have the full transcript, right? Agent, user, agent, user, all of that. We then have a voice opener section. So this is the personalized opening line from the agent where it says their first name and then it follows up about the service they did and this is AI generated inside of Air Table and we'll get into that a little bit later and then just someone created and last modified stuff. So that's what's happening. That's what we're pulling from the call, right? So we have all that data in one place. We can then turn that into some sort of dashboard when we have more data and then it followed up with the actual email. So now let's jump into kind of a highle overview of what you just saw and what's happening behind the scenes because I think it's really important to internalize this because there is actually a lot going on and even though the tech stack has shrunk lately, we're still looking at, you know, kind of four different services all working in harmony. And from the outbound voice agent, this kind of just takes us through one step of a time of everything that happened, right? And as we go from outbound voice agent to inbound voice agent and how personalization occurs and also when you start thinking about well like what happens when I'm using a different CRM air table it is vital that you understand how it's working right you can't just be you know a YouTube tutorial monkey who's copying me step by step without really figuring out okay like how is this working and why so let's understand before we build now first things first what is the tech stack we'll be using well there's four things that you actually saw in action there in that demo Twilio 11 Labs and Naden. So Twilio is a service we are going to be using to give it a phone number, right? It needs to call me. It needs a telephone number and also if you're doing inbound, it needs a phone number for you to call as well, right? So we're going to be using Twilio for that. We set up an account. We're going to give it somewhere between like probably $20 5 to 20 bucks of credit. And then we actually have to buy a phone number. Buying a phone number costs like a dollar a month. So it's not going to break the bank. Then we have AI voice. So the program doing the heavy lifting with the voice is 11 labs, right? They have a number of subscriptions. You can start with $5 a month which will be fine as you're doing testing and then you can slowly ramp up. Then we have Naden which is kind of the back end. You saw that um with kind of this this is all the backend stuff that's happening and we'll dive into this a little bit into more detail in a second. And whoops. And then we have Air Table, right? And remember Air Table for this video is just a standin for any sort of CRM. If you are building these for clients, they probably won't be using Air Table. They might be using Google Sheets. They might be using HubSpot. Whatever. You are going to have to figure out a way how to integrate the data that you pull in from your calls into that CRM. But but the nice thing about Air Table is you're able to kind of build out these dashboards like I mentioned before and you can pretty much sell this as also like a custom CRM system, right? Because it sort of is like you're immediately ingesting customers. you're getting their data, you're displaying it on a dashboard, plus you're doing all those voice AI agent things. So, you actually have the ability when you show up with kind of Air Table in your back pocket and this whole thing of being like, "Hey, I'm giving you voice agent and a CRM. So, I'm going to charge you a little more and people will pay for that." And luckily for you, I'm giving you all of this, right? Remember, I'm giving you the templates for NAND. I'm going to give you the uh uh the system prompt for 11 Labs. And I'm going to give you links for all the Air Table templates so you can just turn around and use this yourself. All right, now let's talk about the outbound voice agent and sort of like what we just went through. So, and the tools involved. So, the lead fills out the form, right? That's all CRM. From there, the data gets sent to the CRM, in this case, Air Table. Now, the big difference between the outbound voice agent and the inbound voice agent is kind of like what kicks this all off naturally. So that CRM upload from the form is going to trigger that voice call and actually gets a little more detailed than that. If we look at this, the actual trigger is going to be this voice opener being created. So this voice opener inside of Air Table is actually using AI. So it takes in that form submission of like naming what they want and it creates using AI this sort of opener for us, right? So, it's always going to be dynamic and it's always going to be personalized. Once this voice opener is created, it then triggers the call because and that trigger is technically based on this last modified thing which only populates when this does. So, that kind of confused you. Just know when this form gets filled out, the call occurs right right away. And that call involves Air Table, right? The CRM doing the trigger. It involves 11 Labs and it involves NAN. Now, let's dive into this because this portion is actually important and can become rather confusing if we don't really understand this before we build, right? Because it took me a little while to get my head wrapped around it. So, the trigger right right here, this outbound call, that's the trigger, right? This is, hey, this is Air Table saying, "Hey, this this form got filled out. Execute the call." And this sends an API call to 11 Labs. So, it triggers it, tells 11 Labs, hey, go make the phone call, right? make make the phone call. If we dive into here, you'll see what we're passing, right? We're doing agent ID, agent phone number, and I'll we'll talk about this in more detail, but it's passing the actual phone number from that form for it to execute the call. Now, what's important to understand is this this fetch initiation client data. Now, what the heck is going on here? What what does that mean? If we want this voice agent to be effective, it needs to be personalized, right? It needs to be able to grab data about the client as the call happens, and it needs to be fast. So, let's remember that call that happened not too long ago, right? When it called me, what happened was when it called me, between the time it sent the call and the time I picked up, basically instantly this occurred, this fetch client data. And what happened was is it went into Air Table, right? And it grabbed all the information about the person it was calling. And once it grabbed all the information about that person, it then sent it back to the voice agent so it could use it on the call. So fetch, initiation, client data happens at the beginning of every call and it allows the voice agent to go inside our CRM, grab all the important information, all the personal information about that particular person, right? Based on their phone number, so it can then personalize the call. And that's really, really important, right? For this sales agent, it's pretty basic name and what they want. But think about it on the inbound call side, right? Imagine you have some repeat customer that's calling in and right away your voice agent grabs all the information about how long have they been with us? What was their last painoint, how valuable are they as a customer? Right? You can have all of this ingested by the voice agent instantly at the beginning of every single call and it's done using this. So the CRM upload triggers the voice call. We grab all that personal information, all that personalized data. We send it to our voice agent and then the call happens. Right? In this case, the lead is qualified on the call. That's pretty basic. That's just going to be a function of the system prompt inside of 11 lounge where we tell the voice agent, hey, here's how I want you to conduct the call. Here's what information I want you to grab, etc. And then we have some post call stuff, right? We're going to take the transcript, we're going to parse it for data. We're going to upload it to the CRM. And then we have our follow-on actions. And those follow-on actions you saw were, hey, let's send an email to them and get them set up with some sort of calendar week. So that's what's happening here in the red and the post call data plus scheduling. So, this is a web hook that triggers whenever the call ends. So, the call instantly ends and we'll be able to see some of the data that's passed. There's a ton of data that's passed. Essentially, the entire conversation is passed. Right from here, we have the one bit of code we use, which is just a simple block of code that goes through here and pulls out the transcript in its entirety and just formats it nicely. Right? All this information here is in here on the left. We just want to format it so it looks pretty inside of our CRM. Next, we send it to a large language model which actually analyzes the call. So in this case, right, we're for Chase AI, we want to pull out certain things like the timeline and the budget and that's all specified here. So we feed the AI the full transcript and we say, "Hey, get me the pertinent information and I want you to break it out into certain items." So then I can go ahead and map it to my CRM. So then we update it and then over here we check, hey, did we qualify the lead? If so, grab their email, send them that email with a calendar link. That's what's happening on the back side. And so that is the general outbound flow. I know we spent a lot of time with that and you're probably like, I've already been in this video for like 15 minutes. I haven't built a damn thing. It's important to get this at the front end, right? The more we understand this, the easier the build will be and the easier it will be for you to customize this and actually use it for real. And so back to the tech stack for a second, where does it all fall? Just understand Naden is pretty much the glue, right? Everything kind of flows through NAND. We have information from the CRM that we want to push to the 11 Labs voice agent. We have information we get on the call from the voice agent that we want to send to our CRM. And NAND is sort of that middleman that makes it all kind of flow, right? It's the clue. Now, today's video is going to be focused on outbound voice agents, but I just want to talk about inbound voice agents real quick and kind of some of the differences just so you understand. We will have the follow on videos that dive into inbound stuff, but in case you're kind of wondering, hey, what's the difference? Let's talk about it very briefly, right? It's a little bit simpler because the trigger is from the outside, right? Someone just calls in which is going to trigger the 11 Labs to take the call. The voice agent conducts the call. Now, this is one part that can be a little more complicated than the inbound because what you're doing on that call when it's inbound may be somewhat sophisticated, right? You maybe imagine you're receptionist. So, I need to pull in perhaps, you know, a lot more data about that customer, right? Like, what was sort of items are they talking about? Are they talking about warranties? Are they doing returns? Are they doing appointments? There might be a lot of tools I need to call on that call. And you might see something like this sort of infrastructure being used, right, for the inbound calls. But after that, it's pretty much the same. You're going to parse the data. You're going to upload it to CRM, and there'll be follow- on actions, whatever that may be. So, let's finally start diving into building. We now understand the stack we need to attack. We understand how everything's going to be working. And so, what we're going to do now is we're going to go to Twilio and we're going to go get our phone number, right? So, you're going to go to twilio.com. You're going to create an account and then you're going to go to your dashboard. Your dashboard is then going to look something like this. You are going to need your upgrade your account. Like I said, just throw it like 20 bucks. Then you're going to go into phone numbers. You're going to go to manage. And then you're going to go to active numbers. And here you'll see a list of your numbers. You are going to go to buy a number on the top right. And here you're going to pick your number to buy. You're going to have to do some sort of ID verification. Really just ask for like your name and your address. It's pretty simple. And once you do that, you're pretty much done. Just go back here to active numbers and just have that number handy because you'll have to be feeding it into 11 laps. All right, so that part was pretty easy. So now let's go ahead and build our voice agent. So you're going to log in in the top right or create an account. You're going to see some page like this. You're going to go to the left where it says agents. And this is where we are going to build out our AI agent. But first thing I want you to do is let's actually hook up our telephone number. So go to the bottom left, go to phone numbers under telephone. You're going to go to import number. Now, if you're using Twilio, it's super easy. You're just going to do from Twilio. If you're using some other phone provider to add a number, they're going to have some sort of SIP trunk documentation for doing that. So, if you aren't using Twilio, just go to your phone provider of choice and look up their documentation to adding numbers to an external party with the SIP trunk functionality. But for this, we're using Twilio. And here, just call it whatever you want. You're going to give it a phone number and then you're going to give it your Twilio account SID. Now, to find that, just go back to Twilio, go to your dashboard, and you can find your account SID and your O token right here. So, just copy and paste those into this section of 11 Labs once you import it. All right. Next, we're going to go to agents and we're going to create a new agent. So, you just come to the top right, hit new agent. We can just call it business agent. Now, it's going to give you a bunch of options and this makes you feel nice like, oh my gosh, already have a pre-built one. Meh, not really. Honestly, it just changes a few default settings, and we're going to edit them all anyway. So, just choose whatever you want. We can do retail and commerce, and we'll do outbound sales. So, we can call this whatever we want. We'll call this guy um it hates it, honestly, when you are in dark mode, so you're not going to be able to see my text. Um, but yeah, that's what's happening. So, we're going to do create agent. And this is now our interface for editing our agent, right? the ability to choose the languages, add additional languages, do messages, but what we care about at the beginning is going to be this system prompt. Now, 11 Labs actually has their own prompting guide. And that prompting guide looks like this. If you just Google uh 11 Labs prompting guide, best practices, it'll give you this and they kind of go through the six building blocks of what makes a good guide. Now, we are going to be doing an outbound agent. You might be doing something slightly different. So, what I want you to do is I want you to copy this page. You're then going to go to your AI of choice. You're going to paste all that documentation into it, and then you're going to say, "Hey, here's the documentation for the 11 Labs system prompt. I'm trying to build a system prompt that does this." And then it's going to spit it out for you, and that's what you're going to use. And so, what you see here for mine is I just tell it, "Hey, you're Sarah. You're an AI assistant from Chase AI. Your goal is to gather project details." It goes into like how to talk, how to qualify, detail gathering, the close, blah blah blah blah blah. I will have this linked inside the school. So, you can just copy and paste this if you want to follow along. Exactly. But this is just where you put what you want it to do and how you want the call to go. Pretty simple. We'll dive into dynamic variables in a bit. Large language model. This is where you give it an actual large language model. Now, you might be thinking, isn't this hooked up to to NAN, which in some cases also has a whole large language model infrastructure? Yes, as an aside, the 11 Labs and NAN like integration understand that 11 Labs also has its own AI working, right? But you can also connect NAND and NAN becomes essentially like a tool call of 11 Labs. So your voice agent almost has like two brains that it can use, a different one each time. Normally it's going to use its own native brain, right? And that makes it faster. When 11 Labs is working on its own AI, it's quicker, less latency. But sometimes we need the power of N in the background to do things, right? Sophisticated tool calls like really diving into databases. That is extremely powerful and you often times need it. Just understand that adds a bit of latency every time we're going another layer deep. So kind of has two brains. If that's confusing, kind of think of it that way. But choose whatever LLM you want. It gives you the prices. I just use 2.5 flashlight. It's good enough. Temperature, that's basically how creative you want it to be. If you're using something like an assistant or something like this, you probably want it to be fairly deterministic, right? I don't want it to go off the rails. Agent knowledge base. So, you can add an actual like documents to this essentially like a mini rag system, right? You can actually give it a website URL too. So, for me, I just put in the website URL of my company. So, that becomes part of its knowledge base. If anyone asks questions about Chase itself, it can reference that. Then we have different tools down here, right? You can give it the ability to end the call, right? You can click that if you want. It can detect the language and use multiple languages. And then you'll see down here it has the ability to like transfer to agent and transfer to number. So we could set up multiple agents, right? Perhaps you had an agent um that's a little more specialized for certain situation. Well, we could give this main AI agent the ability to pass a call to them, right? And that's what would happen here. Same thing with transfer to a number to actually a human, right? You could have some sort of thing in the system prompt that says, "Hey, tell the person at the beginning of the call if they ever want to be transferred to a human to just say, I want to talk with the human." And that could be a trigger to transfer to a different phone number, right? And that sort of tool call is built in here as well. And we have some other stuff. We're not going to touch that today. Um, next you have the voice. So, you can go ahead in here and you can test all the different voices you want. There's literally thousands. You can do custom voices. You can clone your own voice, right? That's also a nice little upsell for clients saying, "Hey, you want this voice to be in your be just like you? Well, I'll set it up. Just, you know, don't be sh money, right? Um, flash blah blah blah. These are just some more like technical stuff, right? You can play around with that as you wish. Analysis, we don't need to worry about security. We do care about because we are going to be diving into a few things, right? And the biggest one is going to be the fetch initiation client data web hook and the post call web hook. Right? This is really important. These web hooks correspond to these web hooks. Right? The fetch initiation client data and the post call data plus scheduling. So we are going to set those up in a minute. And then they also have the enable burst thing. This allows you to go over your limits if you must. Um add that as you wish. All right. All right. Now, what I want you to do is make sure you saved any changes you made real quick. Go to phone numbers. I want you to click on the phone number that you've added in and I want you to assign it to the correct agent. Right? In this case, it's support agent for me. Make sure you do that and save. Then go back to your agent. So, now is the part where we are going to start building out the end back end. And so, what you need to do now is I want you to go to the school, the link's down below, download the template, upload it. So, you should get something like this because we're going to build out the same exact thing for you and it's much quicker when you have everything ready to go. The school and the template also give you links to the Air Table templates. So, set that up as well. If you've never used Air Table before, you can use a free account, but you will essentially have an entire template set up just like me. It will be blank, but you also have the form stuff. So, you can essentially follow along with the exact same infrastructure I'm using from this point forward. So, we're going to start just by demoing some outbound calls to your phone number. So, right now, those outbound calls are conducted via the Air Table trigger, but let's keep it really simple first, and we're just going to have it do it manual so I can show you what it's like having this AI just call you, which is kind of super weird at first, right? So, just do a manual trigger. Put this in here. I want you then to click on the outbound call and yours is going to look like this, right? Post URL. It's going to show the outbound call API in there from the template. Now, what you are going to have to do is you need to set up your authentication first with 11 Labs if you've never done that before. So, you're going to go to authentication up here. You're going to go to generic credential type. Click that. For generic O type, go to header off and then you're going to create a new credential and you're going to put in the information for 11 Labs. Now, how do you find that information? Go back to 11 Labs. Come down to the left. Go to settings. Sorry. Go down to the bottom left where your name is. You're going to go click on that uh arrow, go to API keys, and then you're going to create a new API key. So, just going to Yeah, sure. I don't you don't need to restrict the key. So, we're going to create and then you're going to see this. So, you're going to copy this. You're going to go inside of here. You're going to put that as the val. You're going to paste that in for the value. And then for the name, you're going to put this. It's going to be XI- API key dash. So XI- API-K. So Xi- API- key. And then down here, you just paste in your API key. Hit save and you'll be connected. Now, I suggest you rename it to something. So every time you want to connect to 11 Labs, you can just use that one. So I already have an 11 Labs, so I'll be using mine. But that's how you connect your account. All right. All right, once you've connected your account, we then need to fill out the JSON body we're sending because we need to tell it the ID of the agent we're using. We need to tell it the phone number we're using. And then we need to give it a number to actually call. So, let me show you where to find all that. So, for the agent ID, go back to 11 Labs. We're going to go to agents. So, if you got lost there, you're going to go up to the top, hit conversational AI, then go to agents on the left, find your agent that you're using, and then up here, just click on that. That's the agent ID. If you click it, it automatically copies it. So then you just come into here, paste that in there. For the agent phone number, it's the same sort of deal. We're going to go down to the left of phone numbers. You're going to find your phone number. You're going to copy that ID. Come back into here. Paste it in there. Now the two number, right? We had this mapped to um our a table air table trigger, but for this, right, we're just doing a test to kind of demo how this all works. I want you to put in your own phone number. So that requires you to also do the area code. So, if you don't know what that is, just look up your country code. If you're in the US, it's going to be plus one and then your phone number. And then what I want you to do is go back to 11 Labs real quick. Let's make sure we have everything set up. So, I'm with my agents. I'm at my support agent. Go to security. Come down here. We're going to um have this uncclicked for now. So, don't have this clicked. And then the one other thing I want you to change is we'll go to agent. And right now for the first message, mine says voice opener. So that's a variable, but we aren't passing the variable right now. So I'm just going to have it say, "Hello, how's it going?" Now that the first message is set up, let's actually go back to security. I know I have us bouncing around a little bit. And we're going to set up the post call web hook as well. So what we're going to demo is manually calling us. And then we're going to see all that data sent to this web hook. So we can do some, you know, data manipulation on the transcript. Now, to get that web hook set up, we're going to go back to our 11 Labs. Remember, you should have have the template ready to go now. And you're going to go to the post call data and scheduling. So, we're going to click on this web hook. So, once you're inside here, I want you to go to production URL. I want you to copy that. This should be set to post. Uh path will remain the same. Authentication none. Respond will be immediately. You don't have to have it to raw body. I was messing with some stuff. Then I want you to go back to 11 Labs. So once inside here, you'll go to select web hook. You'll go to create web hook. You're going to put in your web hook that you just copy pasted. You can call it whatever. And it's going to be set to HMAC. And then you're going to do create, right? It's going to give you a web hook secret. You can ignore that for now. But you should now have a web hook in there that matches this production one. All right. So save it. Come back to here. back out of here. Make sure you have this set. You make sure you have this saved and set to active. And we're just going to go ahead and we're going to sever this for now because this is just to show you what the call kind of looks like, right? We're mainly doing the call and we just want to look at sort of the transcription data. So, sever that connection. Save this. Now, we can actually have it call us. So, I want you to go back into here to the 11 Labs outbound call. So, everything should be set like we talked about. It's got the correct URL. We've been authenticated and we've passed the correct information. The Asian ID, the Asian phone number ID, and our actual two number. And so now, let's actually have it call us. So, just hit execute step. Here's the phone call. Slide to answer. >> Oh, how's it going? >> Hey, what's up? >> Great. Thank you. To make sure we fully understand your vision, I just have three. >> All right. call completed. Very cool. But let's take a look at what happened over here with the web hook. Now to see that, we're just kind of going to go to executions. So here we are inside of executions. We can see the two green check marks right here. So let's actually see what happened. So if I click inside the web hook and I go to JSON, we see, hey, it passed us a bunch of data, right? We have the message, the actual transcript, and if we go down to the bottom, there's a lot of interesting variables that we care about here, right? Like the IDs, the caller ID, the number, the date, the time, all that stuff. And then the actual code block properly transcribed, everything, right? Agent, how's it going? Hey, what's up? Great, thank you. Cool. So, with that, what you've seen in action now is the outbound call API and the post call data API, right? So, we're able to make calls. We're able to get information about the calls. All right. Now that we have demoed that our AI agent is able to make outbound calls, it's able to have a conversation with us where it sticks to its script. We give it in the system prompt and we're able to have the web hook properly trigger where we can get all the transcript information. It becomes time to begin threading in all that CRM information so we can personalize the outbound calls and so we can take all the data we gather at the end and push it to that same CRM infrastructure. So, if you haven't done it already, I want you to go inside of Air Table and I want you to set up the template I gave you. And this is what it should look like. First name, last name, email, phone number, etc., etc. I want you to now go to forms. Should look like this. You're going to come up to the top right. You'll go to open. And we are going to go through this together and fill it out. So, I want you to just do your first name, your last name, the email, do the phone number. Now add that area code. If you were doing this for real with a real form, you would kind of have that built in. And then do your service requested, right? Submit it. Go back to your data. And now you should have some of the basic data filled out, right, for your CRM. Now let's go back to NAN and let's start pushing some of this data through. So, first let's make sure this air tableable trigger works. So, I'm going unpin this data. You need to connect your Air Table account. So, you're going to go credential to connect with. Go to create new credential. If you've never done an Air Table setup before, just go to open docs right here and follow the instructions for doing it. You're going to do the using personal access token. Just go through this step by step. It takes 2 minutes. Once you do that, you'll save it. For the poll times, you're going to do every minute and then you're going to give it your base URL and your table URL. So the base URL is you are just going to copy paste everything to here. So it will say airtable.com/app and then a bunch of numbers and letters. That is the base. And then the table URL is going to be everything else up to the question mark. So if you have like a question mark at the end that says like blocks equals hide like mine does for uh for whatever reason. Ignore that. It's going to be everything else, right? So that's the table URL. Copy that. Paste it into here. Trigger field is going to be last modified. And that's going to be it. Now real quickly about Air Table. Like I said, we filled out first name, last name, email, phone number, voice, agent. So service requested. Over here on the right, you have a created a last modified in the voice opener. the voice opener itself. This is an AI block. So, if I click in here and go to edit field, you will see that we actually have it hooked up to 4.1 mini with custom instructions, right? And the way this works is when those first few fields are populated, we have it set with this set of instructions, this prompt to create this. When this is created, it then populates this last modified field. Because if we go to the last modify field, we will see it's only looking at specific fields. The voice I'll move this. This last modify field is looking at specific fields. The voice opener. And if we go inside of nadn, we have the trigger field as the last modified field. It's a air table thing where the trigger field has to be either a created field or last modified time field. But once you have that set, I want you to fetch test event and you should get everything populated, right? First name, last name, all that stuff. I want you to pin that data once it populates. I want you to connect this. You can get rid of this manual trigger. I want you to go to inside the outbound call. I want you to scroll down to the two number and I want you to map the phone number to here. Right? By doing so, you have now set up your entire outbound trigger infrastructure. Every time that form field gets created because some new person put in a lead, it's going to dynamically figure out what that phone number is and initiate the call, right? So, we're not going to initiate it right now, but if you just went through that form thing again, it would call you, right? Which is great and all, but we we're going to do a little bit more first. So, that's that. Next, let's set the fetch initiation client data piece. So to do that, let's go back inside of 11 Labs. We are going to go to security again. You're going to go to fetch initiation client data from web hook. You're going to click this, right? I'll delete this one for now. We're going to go to add web hook. And same thing as before, we're going to put in that web hook data. So back to nitn click on this web hook. I'll unpin this data. Go to production. Copy. Come in here, paste it. This needs to be set to post. This needs to set to post, but make sure this is using respond to web hook node. Okay, you're going to add the web hook and make sure this is selected. You're going to save it. We're then going to go to agent. We're going to get rid of this first message. I want you to do double curly brackets voice opener. It's going to look like this. double curly brackets voice and then opener. That's going to mean the first message the outbound agent sends is going to be a variable. And that variable is the custom message. And right, that's different for every person. That's why it's a variable. Next, I want you to scroll down. You can save this dynamic variables. This is going to pop up. It's not going to let you save it. For voice opener, just put a place folder value. Say, "Hi, hey, what's up?" This just means if you were doing test AI agent, that's what it would use. This should be selected as well. And I want you to save. Next, I want you to go to the air table sections here and connect those accounts. And you shouldn't have to edit anything here. The only thing you are going to need to edit here is make sure your base and your table match. So the base is for me is voice agents and inbound leads, right? Voice agent is the base and the table is the inbound leads. So make sure that matches for you. Make sure it says return all and it's record search and you're connected your account. Same thing down here, right? Voice agent, inbound leads, etc. Now, why do we have one for outbound and inbound calls? If we care about if this is supposed to be an outbound voice agent, this is just here in case you do get an inbound call for whatever reason. If you don't have it set up like this, it would just instantly fail. Now, the outbound call web hook should look something like this. Now, let's talk about what this is. This just means this is just what we're passing back to 11 Labs, right? So, if I blow this up, alls we're saying is, hey, you wanted your custom initiation client data. What we're giving that to you, but what we're really giving you is this voice opener. This custom voice opener is what we're passing up, right? And this link right here, Twilio personalization, this kind of gives you a deep dive of the documentation in terms of what's really happening under the hood with this whole web hook infrastructure, right? because we're passing it custom dynamic variables and that custom dynamic variable in this case is that voice opener. Notice how this voice opener right here exactly matches our first message, right? Voice opener. Voice opener. And what is voice opener? It's this variable that's inside of here, right? And I understand all of what I said is probably super confusing because it was super confusing to me at first, too. Just understand what's happening here. Again, remember we talked about that at this beginning. It calls you on the phone. The instant it calls you between the time it calls you and you pick up. We wanted to have certain personalized information. And that personalized information we're sending it in this case is this custom message. But we could send it a bunch of other information if we wanted to as well. And if we wanted to send it more information or whatever custom information, we would set it as a variable inside of here, right? So I could do another variable that's called like, you know, variable 2, right? And I map it to air table as well. Like it's some sort of information. I'll show that in a second. But that's what's happening. Again, I know it's confusing, but that's what's happening here. But once you've connected your Air Table accounts and you hooked up this web hook inside of 11 Labs, we can now test this all again. So, make sure we're set to active. Hello. Make sure we save it. And now what I want you to do, right, we already have this. We don't need to do the whole form thing again, right? Because you went inside your Air Table trigger and you pinned it. I want you to come here and we're just going to execute the step again, and you should get a phone call. So, execute step. Here's the agent calling. >> Hi, Chase. This is Sarah from Chase AI. I'm reaching out to follow up on your interest in our AI voice agent service. >> Hey, thanks. All right. What did you notice there that was different from when we manually did it? It was the custom opening line, right? Hey Chase, I know you were interested in voice AI agents. When we did it manually, there was none of that. It was just saying, "Hey, what's up?" So, we know that's working. We know the initiation client data is working and let's see if the post call data is working as well. So we'll go to executions just to confirm everything worked. I come inside here. Green check mark. Green check mark. Awesome. This is great. This means outbound is working. This means personalization is working. This means post data call analysis is working. Perfect. Your AI agent is pretty much set up ready to go even if it seems like it hasn't done anything because the meat and potatoes of it actually is working. Trigger's working, calls working, system prompt is doing what we want. We're getting data at the end. Now comes the easy part is just pulling that data out of the transcript and analyzing it and sending it back to Air Table. So let's do that on this. Go to copy to editor and well actually first I want to show something. Let's go back to executions and go to the one that shows the fetch initiation client data working because I wanted to kind of show you this with real data. So let's click on this web hook and you'll see, hey, this is just some web hook information about who called and whatever. What we care about is this stuff. So it makes the call, it searches the record, it gets all the information from air table. And then this is the important part. We pass whatever data we wanted. In this case, like you see here, we passed that um voice opener data. But if there was more data inside that air table, right? Let's say we had like they gave us the budget, right? and we wanted our voice agent to know about that. We could set another variable down here that we called budget and we just map the data. But back to this part, come to the latest one where we see the transcript and all that. I want you go to copy to editor unpin. And now we're going to dive into some of the call analysis. So we have this transcript information here. Right now we can connect it to the call analysis. Here you will have to have set up your OpenAI account which you probably have done by now. And you'll see how this works. What's the prompt? The prompt is the transcript. So, we just dump the transcript inside of here. We have the system prompt which goes into what we want it to analyze as well as how we want the JSON to look like. Now, this JSON piece is important because we want all these items to eventually go inside of our um air table, right? We're going to have a column for call summary. We're going to have a column for lead status, a column for budget, right? So, we want that all put out there. So once you do that, execute the step and we'll see over here on the right that it gives us everything we want. Call summary, lead status, project details, timeline not mentioned, budget not mentioned. That's fine. Then it goes down two paths, right? You should just connect your air table right now. Same thing as usual. Make sure all this stuff lines up, but you'll see all this should already be filled out for you. So what are we sending back to Air Table? Well, first of all, we're matching based on phone number, right? So it actually puts it in the right row, but we're sending back the call summary, the lead status, all that stuff. So I just went call summary, dragged it in there. Lead status, dragged it in there. Budget, dragged it in there, etc., etc., etc. So if I hit execute step, if we go back in here, look at that. Filled out all the stuff for us right away. And this will happen automatically when we have the automation finished. Now, it wasn't qualified, so it just does nothing. But if it was, it would search the records based on their phone number. So it takes the phone number that was used in that call and will grab all their information and then it passes it to an email, right, that it grabs from your table and says, "Hey, how's it going? First name, here's the calendar link, right?" So that's how the follow-up works. And again, that follow-up could be anything you want. So now that's all connected. I want you to save it. And now what we're going to do one final time, we're going to run it right from the top and have it do everything for us automatically. So go back to Air Table, delete this row, right? We're just going to start fresh. Go to forms. Go to the form we have. Go to open. Fill it out. And let's run it. So Chase and again Chase AI give it the correct phone number with the area code and then voice AI agent. submit it. Go back to your data and wait for that call. Like I said, I think it's been taking us anywhere from 10 to 15 seconds, which isn't too bad. And we can even bring up the executions tab if we want and kind of wait for this to work. All right, here's our call. >> Hi, Chase. This is Sarah from Chase AI. I'm reaching out to follow up on your interest in our voice AI agent service. >> Hey, yeah. Yeah, I need a voice agent. Great. Thank you. To make sure we fully understand your vision, I just have three quick questions. First, could you tell me a little >> Okay, we're not going to go through the whole thing yet again, but let's take a look at what happened. So, it's running right now. So, we can see in the executions outbound worked. We can also see the uh client data initial initialization worked. And did our post call work? Yes. Right. analyzed the call, uploaded it to Air Table, didn't send the message, but if we go into Air Tableable, we'll see, hey, everything was set up. Now, let's talk about creating dashboards. Creating dashboards inside of Air Table is pretty easy. Honestly, if you just click this little AI guy on the left hand side, you just prompt it like you would chat GBT and tell it to create a dashboard, right? Like the first thing it says is create a dashboard for inboard leads to to track status and it'll create it for you. And obviously if you have more data you can have you can actually tell it hey provide fake data for 20 rows and you can continue to play with the interface. And this is how you create your quote unquote dashboard that you can then turn around a client and say hey this is what it would look like when you're running this at scale which is really really powerful and people love to see. So that's how the dashboard thing looks right here it is just for I'll move over here. This is just for one guy right and we could tweak this right key metrics all this stuff like you show someone this. Oh my god. Wow. That's amazing. I'll pay you an extra $2,000. That's like only slightly tongue and cheek, but that's how you do the interface piece of all this. That was a lesson. That was a video. We did a lot. I'm sure you are thoroughly confused, but I did my best to try to start this at a high level, break it down piece by piece, and then eventually have it all work. It's one coherent thing. Again, let's just recap what we've done here. We've gone to Twilio. You now have the ability to create phone numbers for your AI agents. That wasn't too bad. Two, we went inside of 11 Labs and created a voice agent and you kind of saw how we do that. You saw how we can give it different voices. You saw how we can deal with system prompts. We dived into the security piece. Namely, how do we do this fetch initiation client data? How do we do post call web hooks, right? We dove into that. We went and do NAD infrastructure on the back end, right? How do we set up this like CRM trigger thing for voice agents, right? How do we combine CRM with voice with AI, right? Because that's super important. That's what clients want. It's not enough for us to go inside of 11 Labs and have this voice agent that's works in a vacuum. That's not enough. It needs to be able to integrate with external systems. So, we figured out how to do triggers with outbound calls. We figured out how to fetch personalized data and pushed dynamic variables based on that data every single time we make a call. and we went through how can we take that data from the call at the end, parse it and push it places and then actually do follow-up actions with it. In this case, send an email, right? We've actually covered quite a bit and there's still a lot to learn, right? Because we didn't even really touch inbound agents. We didn't touch using NAND as essentially like a tool hub that you see down here. But we did cover a lot and frankly the inbound stuff I think is a little bit easier. So, as always, templates down below, school, there's more guides. We're going to continue doing more and more voice stuff. So, I hope you're ready for that. And let me know what issues you run into. I'm sure you'll run into a bunch. It's something you're just going to have to struggle through and get working. But I promise you, the bones of a very sophisticated voice AI agent service are here, right? You just need to customize it for your own use case. So, let me know what you think. Good luck, and I'll see you around. Hello. In today's video, I'm going to be taking you through a Rag AI agent that I just sold to a client for $5,000. And I'm not just going to go through how this AI agent works and how to set it up for yourself. I'm actually going to talk a little bit about the business side of it. How did I figure out the pricing? How did I set this up for the client? How did I actually give this AI agent to the client at the end of the project? We'll talk through all that at the end because I think it's something people often skip over. And it's really important if you want to actually build and sell these things. And I think this video is really important, not just to like show off and say, "Hey, I sold this for x thousands of dollars," but because rag AI agents are actually a really important tool in your toolkit. If you're someone who's trying to build their own AI agency and you don't know which workflows to really focus on because for someone who's actually been in the AI agency game for a little bit now, I would say rag AI agents are by far the most popular AI agent in AI automation that I sell. And why is that? Well, let's think about it. What is Rag again? It's a retrieval augmented generation AI agent which means it's an AI agent that has information about the business, about the project, about your team. So essentially it's like chat GBT has been plugged into your system because all those documents that you want AI to know about is now sitting inside a vector database which the AI agent has access to and can now answer questions about whatever is in there. And that's super valuable to any business and it's also industry agnostic, right? Everyone wants AI that can kind of act like an actual human, an actual member of their team. And Rag is a really good way to do that. And so if you're wondering, hey, what sort of AI agents do I actually need to care about and learn how to build? Rag should be number one on your list. And I think this one that we're going to go through today is a great foundation for you to kind of learn all the big parts of it. And so with that, let's actually jump into it. Starting with the AI agent, we'll do kind of a highle overview of how it works and then I'll go through it and show you how you would set it up yourself. Okay, so we kind of talked a little bit already about the data piece, right? We're taking data from somewhere inside the business and then it's going inside like a vector database, whatever that is. Like what is all that? Well, it's probably the most important part of this whole thing and that's what's going on here in the red. Long story short, we're doing data ingestion, right? We're taking documentation from the business and we're putting it inside this database for AI. And so where this client had all of his stuff living was inside a Google Drive. had hundreds and hundreds of Google Docs and PDFs and he wanted it to go inside the database. And that's what's happening here, right? We have a series of triggers set up that are ready to go anytime a file gets edited or added to this folder. And then from there, we're extracting all the information from that file. We're adding some metadata information like what's the title of the document it came from? What's the actual URL of that document so we can reference it later? And then we're extracting the text and sending it to our vector database. Now, I'm not going to go super deep into what vector databases are. There's a lot of really good in-depth videos in there. All you need to know is essentially it's a highdimensional database, which means everything that's going in there is essentially being turned into a series of numbers and then it gets put somewhere on a graph where everything's kind of similar. And if that only confused you even more, that's totally okay. Alls you need to know it's a database and the AI can find stuff in there. And the one other thing you need to know is what happens to the files as it goes inside that database. So what happens is it starts chunking the documents. So what is chunking? Well, imagine I had a document that was a 100 pages long. We don't just take that 100page document and shove it into the database. Instead, we chunk it and it gets chunked based on a almost arbitrary amount of characters. Usually it's about 750 to a,000. So think every thousand words that becomes a segment and then another segment and then another segment and we throw all those segments into the database. Why do we do that? Because it just makes it easier for large language models and AI to find what it needs when it's chunked up that way. It's quicker. And so that whole process of taking information from place A, in this case Google Drive, tagging it, chunking it, shoving it into the vector database, that's all happening here in the red. And in my client's case, it was several hundred documents. You can do this with thousands and thousands of documents. And so once it's all sitting nice and pretty in our vector database, then we come up here and we can actually interact with it. In my client's case, we actually had it hooked up to chat. We're just using a chat message here just to demo, but he had a Slack chatbot. So this agent lived inside of Slack. You could just like at it and would actually respond to your questions. And the two things you'll see here is just the Superbase vector store and the chat memory. So we are able to save all the chats that go to this AI agent, they're also living in that same kind of vector database ecosystem which is superbase and we'll go into that in a little more detail later. And then we have the vector store. So anytime someone asks a question that should be able to be found inside the vector database, it's going to call on this vector store tool. And this vector store tool is what allows our AI agent to go inside the database and then try to find the knowledge it wants. Now, something that might be new to you, even if you've done rag in the past, is this re-ranker co here. Now, the reranker sub tool, I guess you want to call it, is actually rather new to Naden. It really came on the scene in the last month or so, but it's an awesome tool that makes our rag way more accurate. So, now let's talk about the reranker and how it actually works. So, I ask my AI agent a question. It then goes in the vector database and grabs a certain amount of chunks, let's say 20, that it thinks are relevant to answering my question. Once it does that, the re-ranker comes in. It's then going to take those 20 chunks and rank them in order of relevancy and it'll give it a score out of like I think it's several thousand, but basically think, all right, this first one's a 9 out of 10, the second one's an 8.5, this one's a seven. And then it's actually going to take an answer based on the best ones. And that whole process is being done by Cohhere. We're actually going to go inside cohhere soon, which is over here. It's an actual third party app. It requires an API key. So, there is a cost associated with it, but it's very, very small. Each question you ask, we're talking like 1/5 of a penny, but it makes our stuff way, way more accurate. Even if it's just slightly slower, you're not going to notice too much of a difference and slightly more expensive. Now, your first question probably is, well, doesn't shouldn't RAG be doing that already? You're telling me it doesn't rerank them? No, it doesn't. because it actually overindexes overindexes is a on is an opinion kind of overindexes on speed and cost. But with the reanker we're saying, "Hey, just slow down a minute. I'll I'll pay a little money. I want my answers to be accurate." And that's what the reranker does. So that's the agent in action. That's the tooling. That's the ingestion system. Last part, what's going on down here? What's this whole rag cleanup thing about? So now let's talk about this rag cleanup down here. What's going on here? Well, remember how we said we had this folder inside of Google Drive that has all the files that we want to go inside our vector database, right? Well, they all go inside the vector database, everything's working great. What happens if I delete a file inside that Google folder? Like, I don't want it to be a part of the database anymore. What do we do then? Is it going to be automatically deleted inside of Superbase? No, it's not. And that's why this comes in. And it actually is a huge help because I'll kind of show you later what it looks like inside of Superbase. But remember how it's chunked up? Well, you could have one file could be hundreds of chunks. Do you want to go through all those and delete it one by one and make sure you don't delete anything else that's wrong? No, you don't. And this takes care of it for us. And you can have this on a schedule, run it every day, every 7 days, whatever. This just makes sure our Superbase and our Google Drive are always aligned. And so that's how this is all working. Now remember this template you can get down below in the description and it's going to be set up just like this. What we're going to do now is I'm going to kind of go module by module explain what they do in a little more granular detail and also explain how you can hook up your superbase account, how we deal with Postgress, how we do tables, all that kind of like more technical stuff. So let's dive into that now. All right, first things first let's take a look at our rag agent. What do we got here? Now remember, we are just using the chat trigger here. So if you were to use a Slackbot or anything else, remember you'd have to change that to define below. Now for the system message. So here's our system prompt. The big thing we care about here is behavior 2. And that's us essentially giving it step-by-step instructions of how to answer questions that have to do with information inside of the database. And really what we're saying is you need to strictly adhere to the context. Don't be making stuff up. Here's what I want you to do if you can't really find an answer. And then also I want you to always site your source, right? What's really nice is we can have it not only answer questions based on the source documentation, but it can link it as well. So someone can be like, okay, I want to know a little more. Show me the actual document. We can give them that. So that's it for this guy. All right. Uh for here for OpenAI, we're just using 4.1 mini. Don't need too much power. Now Postgress chat memory. Now for this, we're just connected to the chat trigger node. Remember, if you don't use a chat trigger node, you're going to have to change this key to something else. It's going to depend on what you're using. You'll see a table name here and then chat histories. That's going to be by default. And same with context window length number five. Of note, the table when you use this for the first time, it's automatically going to create a table inside of Superbase. And that'll make a little more sense later. Just understand you don't need to do your you don't have to create your own chat table. It does it for you all automatically. Next we have our superbase vector store. All right, use this tool to search the database. Very very simple. Over here the limit. So 20. Remember how I talked about with the code here reranking that it could do like 20 chunks. This could be up to 100 chunks. That's how many chunks it's going to go grab and rank and figure out to answer your question. Anywhere between 10 and 20 I found is fine, but you can change it. Definitely include metadata and definitely include the rerank results. Now for connecting our account, let's kind of just jump into credentials right now. So, if I want to create a new credential, we need your host and you need your service ro secret. So, what we're going to do, I'm going to show you where to find those. You're going to go to superbase.com. You're going to create an account. You can do the free trial. The free tier is very, very generous. And then you're going to go ahead and create a new project. Call it whatever you want. Give it whatever password you want, but make sure you remember it. And you're eventually going to get on a page that looks like this that will say chase. It'll say whatever you called the project. And once the project is ready to go, you'll see project status. You'll see a green dot. Once you're here, you're ready to continue. Now, to find our host URL, what you're going to need to do is you're going to go to project settings on the left. We are then going to go to data API on the left under configuration. And this URL you see right here, that URL is what you're going to put for host. So, make sure you put that in there. And then we need our service key. So, you're going to go to API keys right here, service role. You're going to click on reveal. You're going to copy that and you're going to stick that in there. And that's going to connect you to Superbase. Now, let's do cohhere. So, you're going to do your reranker co. You're going to click on this guy. We're going to do model 3.5, but again, we need to create an account. So, you'll do create new credential. All we need is our API key. So, you are going to go to cohhere.com. Sign in. You're then going to go to the left where it says API keys and then you're going to go and hit create production key. You're going to have to put in billing. Remember, this is pennies, fractions of a penny. So, you you'll be okay. So, once you do that, you create your account. You go to the left, you hit API keys, you'll find that. And again, the website, if you ever get confused, just go to dashboard.coare.com. dashboard.co.com if you get lost. So, create your key, copy it, come back here, paste it in there, connect it, and then you're going to do model 3.5 and you're now set up with go here. Now, we're not done here. You probably noticed uh also this one is Postgress memory chat. And when you do Postgress, we'll click in here and I want to create a new credential. Oh my gosh, there's like 10 million things. What am I supposed to do? All right, let's go back inside Superbase. Now on the top, let me drag this down a little bit so you can actually see on the top. What do we got here? We have connect. So you're going to hit connect and then all these scary things. We're going to do transaction pooler. transaction pooler. Now you're just going to start copying and pasting stuff over. So you can do host, copy that. That's going to go to host. Database stays the same. User, copy that, put it in here. Password, remember the password you put for your project. That goes here. And then you just need to change the port. So port should be 6543. So copy that over. Copy that over. And that's how you connect to Postgress again. get confused. Transaction pooler, not session pooler. Transaction pooler. Okay. And with that, we have connected our Postgress, our Superbase, Rico here. I hope by now you've been able to connect your OpenAI. And always remember, you can check the documents if you ever get confused. So now we can start looking at the rag ingestion system. But before we do that, since I like having to go back and forth so much, we're actually going to go back inside of Superbase. Okay, so we're hopping into Superbase real quick cuz we need to create the tables where all those embeddings are going to live, right? All those chunks in this vector database, we need to create those first. So to do that, we're going to come over to the left hand side and we're going to go to SQL editor. You will probably see a blank um page that looks like this. But what you are going to do is you're going to go into the school and you're going to copy the SQL code I have in there because we're going to use that code to create the tables we need. Now that code's going to look exactly like this. So just copy and paste it into your SQL editor. Hit run on the right hand side and what you are going to see is success no rows returned. Now once you see success no rows returned that means our tables have now been created. And we can check that by actually just going to the database on the left and then you should see your two tables represented visually right here. Documents and documents metadata. And then real quickly, documents are where all the embeddings are eventually going to go, right? All those chunks are going to live in the documents table. And then the document metadata table almost acts like a table of contents. And it's going to list all the separate files that live in there. Instead of the 10,000 chunks, it would just show show the, you know, 100 files that they came from. And so now that we made our tables, we can hop back inside and it hit end. Okay. Now, let's talk about the rag ingestion piece, right? How are we getting these documents from Google Drive into Superbase? Well, we have three triggers right here. So, this trigger up here uh for file created and file updated, those are deactivated right now. Those come into effect when you already have this in production. You already set up some sort of rag folder inside of Google Drive. And now when it's up and running, anytime someone edits a file inside that folder or they create a brand new file inside the folder, this will trigger the automation to run and put all that information inside the database. This one right here, the search file and folders. This is more for when you first set this up for a client because chances are you're going to talk to a client and they're already going to have some sort of folder with all the documents that they want the AI agent to work with. Just like this, right? I have these four fake documents in here. They might have hundreds. And the way you get that all ingested into Rag off the bat is going to be through a search files and folders module, right? And so what this one does is it's going to go and look inside a specific folder and get all the information about the files in it. And from there, we can then do that initial batch where it all goes into Superbase. So that's what this one is for. And these two are really for production once you're up and running. And so if we look inside here, you're going to have to do search files and folders. You're going to have to do an advanced search and you're going to have to use a query string. So this is kind of important and I'll kind of bring this up. You're going to see here this long list of numbers. So that is the folder ID. Where do you find your folder ID? Well, you find it in the URL. So, right here, it might be kind of hard to see, but if you have your drive up, you're going to see drive.google.com/drive/folders. And then after the folder slash, there's going to be a really long string of numbers and letters up to a question mark. Those numbers between the slash and the question mark, that is your file ID. So, you need to copy that. And then you need to go inside of NADN and you need to replace what's there. So, it should look like that. Also, make sure you have the the apostrophes up there, little single commas, and it should look like that. Also, you want it to return all I assume. Also, you need to add these four options. You need the web view link, the ID, the name, and the mime type. So, it needs to look exactly like this. So, that's that. And then for the file created and file update, it's a little easier just actually map it like folder and all that. And so when I run this, you will see here on the right, it got all the information of those four files. The ID, the name, the mime type, and the web view link. The ID is the actual like numerical value assigned to every single file. The name is obviously the name of the file. MIME type is the type of document it is. So in this case, it's a Google doc. It'd be different if it was a PDF document or Excel. And then of course the web view link. Now, as an aside, this particular rag one I'm showing you, this one is built for PDF and Google Docs. If you're dealing with the RAG system that is also trying to deal with like large Excel files, that's kind of a whole another ball game. I do have videos of that in the school. Check out kind of like the RAG plus voice lessons. They dive into that cuz you're actually going to be working a lot more with SQL. Again, just an aside, you'll find that most of your clients are usually operating with PDF and document text and that tends to give you the best bang for your buck, but stuff is out there. I have content on the Excel stuff. So, from there, it's going to loop over items and then we're going to do things like set file ID. So, then we do like set file ID and we'll actually execute this step. And you can see, hey, we're just assigning variables to these things. ID, type, title, URL. And this will make more sense when you see how we do metadata. We have a delete old rows doc. So this makes sure that we don't have like duplicates. So we can run that, right? Same thing down here. This file string metadata, right? It's just checking to see, hey, are there any file IDs that match? Then we're inserting the document metadata. Remember how we have that second table? This is where it's coming into play. So we execute the step. Then we're actually downloading the file. And this is what it should look like. File download. We're doing it by ID. Remember, we have to literally download this file to push it to Superbase. And then we're also doing these Google file conversions. So, we execute the step and it should look just like that. Next, we have this switch. So, whether it's a PDF or an actual text document, it's going to go one of two paths and then it's going to go inside the actual database. So, let's just run it through here. We should see hit the switch goes inside the vector store. So, what's happening here? Operation mode will be insert documents. Table name will be documents and query name will be match documents. This should all default to this. And then we're going to do embeddings will just be um text embedding three small default data loader. This is what it should look like. This is where we're actually putting that metadata in there. The metadata is important because this helps the AI actually figure out what file it needs to look for. So file ID, file type, and URL. Next, we have our character text splitter. And again, chunk sizes. We're doing 750 with a 200 chunk overlap. So again, remember that 100page document. Every 750 characters, we're chunking it up. And then we're overlapping each one. So the AI has a better idea of like where each page starts and ends and where it is in the grand scheme of the document itself. Then from there, it just goes back and it continues that loop over and over and over and over. And what we'll do here is I'm actually just going to run this real quick and get all four documents in there. Okay, cool. All four just got in there and that went pretty quick. So, let's actually go inside of Superbase and take a look. Okay, so here we are back inside of Superbase and let's take a look at our actual table. So, come up to the left, go to table editor and we can see inside of document metadata and documents, we actually have content. We actually have embeddings from our documentation. So, if you look at it, it has it by ID. It has the actual content that it took. So this is the actual chunks and then you can take a look at the metadata as well which includes things like the URL, the file ID and the file type. And then over here on the embedding that's kind of like all the math behind it to where it is in the graph. Um we also have document metadata and again this is essentially acting as our table of contents. We just have our four documents versus you know the 14 embeddings. So that's what it looks like inside of the tables inside of Superbase. And that is how we get documents from the Google Drive into the database. Now really quick, let's go over the cleanup. As you can guess, this is for the documents table and this is for the documents metadata table. So when I click inside the file IDs, what do we need to change? Well, what we need to change is here the query string. And same thing as before, it's just going to be that folder ID. So just copy paste that in there. And what we're looking for is the ids because what it's going to do is it's going to get all the file IDs inside of Google Drive. Then it's going to get all the file IDs inside of Superbase. It merges them. It goes through this code node. And what happens with this code is it says, "Hey, is there anything inside of Superbase? Are there any file IDs that occur inside of Superbase that don't occur inside of Drive? If yes, delete them." Same thing for document metadata. So when you run this, obviously you won't get an output cuz there won't be any mismatch, but just make sure you have the correct um file ID in there. And so once you do that, you're actually ready to go. So let's actually test it and then so we'll just open the chat message received and then we'll actually pop inside Superbase and we'll see how it populated that um end chat histories table. All right, so let's actually test this guy out. So, let's take a look at Q1 and see if we can ask it a specific question. There were some action items here. So, let's ask it what Ben Carter's Q1 action items were. So, what were Ben's Q1 action items? So we hit that hits memory hits the superbase vector does the reranking and then it says hey Ben's Q and action items finalize the technical specs and deploy day one patch. So we see it actually gave us Q1 and Q4. That's actually not too surprising because Q1 action items can kind of mean a couple different things. Was I talking about the Q1 meeting notes or was I talking about hey we're in Q4 meeting. What are you doing for next quarter? So it actually gives us both, right? Technical specs. Athena for teams. All right. Day one voice patch. Day one voice patch. So it actually did a pretty good job even though it was kind of like a fuzzy query. Here's what I will say. When you test this, obviously your documents going to be different than mine. These were just fake ones. And when I was testing for my client, he obviously had a huge batch as well. Don't be afraid to come in here inside of the system prompt and really edit this out. So, it is very detailed as to what you want. This is pretty generic what I have here. And we talked about it before. Customize, customize, customize. Be very specific about what sort of data it's trying to be finding. Because if you're testing this out and you're like, "Hey, like I have the documents in there. It's just not giving me the answers I want." Well, play with the system prompt first before you kind of throw your hands up in the air. And so after all that, I hope you have a pretty good understanding of a how a rag agent works and then b how to actually set it up and what it would sort of look like when you're doing it for the client. Now, speaking of clients, I know at the beginning of this video I said I would kind of run you through the pricing structure and how I actually created this and handed it off to the client. So, first things first, pricing. How did I come up with $5,000? Well, if you've been in the space for any amount of time, you've probably heard people talk about how they do pricing. And usually they frame it as, "All right, we're doing it value based. So, this thing is going to save my client, you know, $20,000 a month and then so I'm going to take, you know, a 30 or 30 or 40% cut of that and then everyone walks away happy." I will tell you, maybe I just don't have the best clients ever. I think I have pretty good ones, but I've never run into a client who can really accurately say how much an automation is either saving him in terms of money or how much money it's actually making him, right? Like I don't think most businesses have it on such a granular level that they are going to save this much time every single month and that translates to this many dollars. It just doesn't happen, at least in my experience. And because of that, the whole like value play for doing pricing kind of goes out the window right off the bat. So then the question becomes, well then how'd you come to $5,000? And frankly, it's kind of one part that's how much I value my time and I know how much time it's going to take me and also another part of that $5 to $10,000 is what I have found to be kind of the sweet spot when you're trying to sell these AI agents and automations to businesses. Because remember, what are you trying to sell to? You're not trying to sell to mom and pop shops that have no money. You want to be selling to like mediumish size companies that are like 1 to 10 million ARR that aren't just going to bulk immediately at something in the 5 to 10k range, right? It's not going to ruin their lives if this project absolutely fell apart. It's not going to, but they don't come into it like, "Oh my gosh, this is my last $5,000. This has to work." And so because of that, I know I can usually sell between 5 to 10. Like seven to eight is kind of the sweet spot and five for something that's kind of just like boilerplate like I've done this a bunch of times. I know I can get done quickly. Five just kind of makes sense. All that to say it's kind of vibes. It's kind of what you can get away with. Are you brand new and you just need customers? You probably have to price it a little bit more favorably for the client. Maybe 3K, maybe 4K. I personally would never suggest you go under 2 to 3K. Like you don't want to be bottom of the barrel. You don't want to do a race to the bottom because they could always go overseas and have someone build this for them for 10 bucks an hour, right? But you're giving them a white glove approach from beginning to end. And speaking of the white glove approach, that includes actually setting it up on their servers and getting the server done. So when I first sign a client, I actually get them on a call and I run them through everything that I need them to do to self-host. So for me, I love using Hostinger. Super easy to set up on this. There's tons of videos online of how to do it. Takes less than 5 minutes. So I get them on a call and I'm literally like, "Sign up for Hostinger. I'm on the call with you and let's set up NAN on your self-hosted server." So I run them through that. Then I take them to Superbase. I have them create a Superbase account. I get their login and I get their password. I also get their login and password for their NADN server. So I can actually go on it. We then go to OpenAI. I have them do billing. I don't need their open AI password, but what we do is we go inside of Nadn and I have them set up their credentials. Same thing with Google. Google, as everyone knows, is a pain in the butt, but I walk them through going into Google Workspace. We set up all the APIs. I don't need their Google password, but what I do is I make sure we create a Google Docs and a Google Drive module, and we go inside there, and we painstakingly get the credential set up. So if you're paying attention, I get on a call. We set up self-hosted NN hosting. They put in their billing. We go to OpenAI, we do the billing, I get that actually done instead of NN. Same thing with Superbase. We don't need to do billing, but I do need their login and password. We went to Coher for this. So actually went to Coher like I showed you before. Did their billing. I got their login and password. Actually for that I didn't need their login and password but I did need them to actually connect it and Google and that was it and then Slack right and so while that's annoying at the beginning you have to remember what you're selling you're selling a white glove I am solving your problem from beginning to end you're setting and they might not want to set it up but understand like they own it it's their end workspace it's their APIs it's their workflow so this is really saving their butt right because everything is under their umbrella. You can't just walk away and steal it and say, "Hey, it's mine. It's my password. I own the stuff." A, you really can't do that with the edit unfair license. But B, it should give them kind of a warm and fuzzy feeling knowing that they own everything you create. And lastly, once it's fully created, it's a super easy handoff because they already have everything, right? There's no weirdness going on like, "Okay, now let's do passwords and stuff." It's like, "No, project's done. I showed you it worked. Here it is. Have at it." So, that's kind of my little spiel about um you know, actually getting it set up and giving it to the client. Um hopefully that makes a little bit of sense. That was pretty uh pretty quick. But again, yeah, biggest thing here was rag. Make sure you understand rag. This should definitely be a tool in your toolkit. The template is down below. And as always, let me know if you have any questions and good luck. If you're looking for a way to generate leads, enrich leads, and conduct cold outreach campaigns, then this is the NAN workflow for you. So what this workflow does is it does LinkedIn scraping via Apollo on our leads. We do some research on their company via Tavi and then we generate customized cold outreach messaging by combining that information alongside our personal call to action. We then use instantly AI to conduct a full-blown cold outreach campaign with all the information we've gathered here. Now what you see here is all that data we collect. And I have it sitting inside of Google Sheets, but you could put this in an Air Table as well. I changed some of the names and emails for their privacy, but you're getting their names, their personal email, their work email, their LinkedIn URL, their work URL. Then we're summarizing it all with AI. And then when it comes to their company, we're doing background key offerings, any recent news, and we're even looking at stuff like customer sentiment, right? Like what are people saying about these companies on places like Reddit? Then lastly, we have that outreach messaging that I talked about before. And then, like I alluded to before, the actual email campaign will be conducted inside of instantly.ai, AI, right? It now has the emails, it has the names, and it has the custom messaging that we want. And this is the place that becomes your command center for actually executing these email campaigns. Now, if you watched my previous videos, you've seen this LinkedIn scraper and cold outreach machine. Now, while this was effective and it worked, there were some limitations, which is why I created this and you see them right away, right? The first thing is the simplicity. This thing was kind of an unwieldy beast, right? And just looking at we had what 1 2 3 four five code nodes something like nine Google Sheets nodes and while we were essentially doing the same thing right which is like get linked information and do company research this one was also missing some sort of cold outreach mechanism to actually conduct a large scale campaign. It was kind of up to you to take all the information that eventually show up in the Google Sheets and do something like, you know, instantly AI on your own or something like resend or any of the number of cold outreach programs out there. And what this one does instead is it kind of consolidates all that, right? It's much leaner. We lean a lot more on Apollo versus using something like Google Search Engine to get our URLs. And then we also have the built-in instantly AI functionality which we see right down here at the bottom which is sending all that information to Instantly for us to then conduct the campaigns. So we're going to start big picture top to bottom so you get a good idea of how this works and then we'll actually go into it module by module so you understand what you need to edit. So it starts with a form submission. Now the form submission this is just us describing what sort of leads do we want. We do stuff like the titles, the location, how many people in the company, and it then goes to an Apollo URL generator. Now, we talked about LinkedIn scraping, we talked about Apollo, we talked about Appify. How do all these things actually connect? Because it can be kind of confusing. So, starting from the top, Apollo. Apollo is this program that you pay 60 bucks a month for or more if you want more stuff to get information about leads, right? The same thing that we're generating in our workflow is stuff that Apollo generates, right? names, LinkedIn URLs, emails, phone numbers, all that stuff can be found in Apollo. The thing with Apollo, like I mentioned before, it costs 60 bucks a month, and I probably don't want to pay 60 month 60 bucks a month for Apollo. So, we instead use Appify to gain the information. Now, where does LinkedIn play in all this? Well, Apollo and Apify, they're getting their information from LinkedIn. They're scraping LinkedIn themselves. So, you have these guys that are scraping information from LinkedIn. It's on their platform and we want to access it. Well, I don't want to scrape LinkedIn myself because we're worried about terms of service on our own account. So, I need to go through a third party which is Apollo. I don't want to pay the full price for Apollo. I just need to essentially like have a little slice of that Apollo pie. And that's where Apify comes in. So, Appify is a marketplace for web scrapers. You pay a certain amount a month. In this case, $40. And that essentially gives you $40 of credit to use on these different scrapers. For example, you'll see up here on the top, Apollo scraper scrape up to 50,000 leads. You pay a $120 for every,000 leads that this actor, they call it ampify actors, gives you. So 40 bucks a month for Apify. A$120 of that 40 goes to this actor every 1,000 leads it generates. So all that to say is that there's a lot of layers you have to go through to get someone's linked information due to just how LinkedIn works. And this is the way we do it. And it's not just because $40 is less than 60. It's because Appify gives us some flexibility, right? What if I don't need to use all $40 on Apollo? Well, there's tons of other web scrapers on Aify. Things like Instagram scrapers, Tik Tok scrapers, etc. Right? I can kind of just pick and choose. It's sort of a buffet and allows me to be flexible at a lower price point. You might be saying at this point, that's great, Chase, but I still don't understand why there's an Apollo URL generator. What What do we care about the URL? Well, every time I change the filter here inside of Apollo, right? If I change the location, I add a location, change titles, the actual URL in your browser changes, right? So what we need to do is we need to generate an Apollo URL that corresponds to the leads you are trying to get and give that to Appify because when we look at our Apify scraper here, what it does is it requires us to give it the URL that we want it to scrape, right? So think of Ampify as some guy who has an Apollo account and he's willing to give you the information that he gets from Apollo. He just has to know, well, what URL do you want me to search for? What information do you actually need? So the key piece becomes, hey, how do we generate this URL accurately every single time that corresponds to the leads we are trying to get? And so we can look at some of the different runs here, right? In this last one, it had 377 runs, which means we gave it a URL and it came back with 377 hits and each hit was a person's name, LinkedIn, blah blah blah blah blah. All that information you saw in the Google sheet, that's what it came back with. Now, if all that was super confusing, all you need to know is for us to scrape someone's LinkedIn, we're going to use Appify. And what Appify needs from us is an Apollo URL. And this generates the URL we need. So, from there, we parse that data, right? This Appify data that you see here over here on the right, and I'll move myself over a little bit. It's kind of messy. There's a lot going on, but we only want certain information that we care about, right? And that information is emails, names, all that good stuff. And so we have this pars lead data that allows us to do that. This is going to take all the messy stuff on the left and give us some nice information on the right that also includes a summary of all the key points. And once that happens, it will come to an if node. Now why do we have an if node here? Well, even if we get in this case 377 items from the lead data, not all of it's going to be perfect. Sometimes it's going to error out, which is what this if node does, right? We have a JSON error. If it does not exist, it's just going to go to the false branch and we're going to ignore it. That way, it doesn't clutter up our Google Sheets stuff. From there, it gets added to the Google Sheets. In this case, I have a limit. So, this is running only 10 times because for the demo, I didn't find it necessary to do this 370 times. When you use this and download this in production, you can delete this limit. This limit does not have to exist. Feel free to get rid of it. Or if you don't want to have allund 350 items or 400 items or 500 items that you get from your scraping, just change it here. That could be 50 items, 100 items, however you want to limit it, do so here or get rid of it entirely. And once that happens, we've kind of completed the personal background, the LinkedIn scraping for our leads, right? We know about them and their personal stuff, but we want to know about them and their company, right? I'm not just selling to a person, especially if it's a founder. like you need some information about what they do, what they've done, and what people think about them. And that's what happens down here in the company research in outreach portion in the green. So, we get and this is a loop because we're hitting a couple different things before we want to move to the next item. And so, we're going to research their company because we got their email, we got all that stuff. And we're using Tavi to do it. And some of the things we want to know about are company overview, right? What do they do? What are they about? I want to then do some like recent news like is there anything in the last basically 12 to 18 months that would be relevant? I want to know about their key offerings. I want to know about third party sentiment. And then I want kind of a comprehensive summary that combines all that in one or two sentences. And that's what this does. And we use Tavi for that. From there we then generate the outreach message, right? And this is where you make your money, right? Because we're taking all the personal data from LinkedIn. We're taking all that company data that we just researched and now we're going to combine it with what you have to sell. What's your call to action? What do you bring to the table? What do you want that actual message to look like? And we'll go into this in a little more detail later, but right, the system message is where you make your money. This is where you put how you want it to sound. And this is just going to be purely the body. The actual title, the header, and also the footer is something you set up inside of instantly. We then put all that into Google Sheets. And then lastly, we then send stuff to Instantly AI. Now again, what's Instantly AI? Well, it's a cold outreach platform that allows you to do email at scale, right? It does all the warm-up for you. You can add multiple accounts. It's like again your little command center for conducting these campaigns. And that wasn't really something we had before here, right? In this one, it was kind of like choose your own adventure or do it super small scale and just send it via Gmail. And that's not effective enough. And so then it just does that as many times as it needs to via the loop. And then at that point, you're kind of done. Once you've done that, you're then set to go into instantly and then conduct your campaign. In this case, like I said, we had 10 leads. And all I would have to do now is just hit the resume campaign button and it would fire those off. And you could take this even further, right? You could actually have it warm up the leads to start. Like instantly is actually pretty good uh platform. I'm not going to turn this into an instantly lesson. The documentation is pretty good. There's tons of stuff out there, but understand you're basically 10 minutes of setup and one button away from being able to run this every single time and just like shoot off a large amount of emails. And so now how you understand how it works from a very high level. We're now going to go into each module one by one. And I'm going to kind of show you what you need to edit, what you need to change, and what to watch out. So on the form submission, there isn't really anything you need to change right here that I think, like I said, it's kind of small, right? Just company size, keywords, location, and the title. But understand, you can put multiple keywords inside of this form when you submit it, which essentially add is like additional sections when it's actually looking for leads. Now, for the Instantly campaign ID, we'll dive a little more into instantly, but just so you understand what it is, when I'm inside instantly and I come on the left and I go to campaigns and I click on the campaign up here up top in the URL, that's where you're going to find your campaign ID. So, this highlighted section right after campaign backslash, it's then going to give you a series of numbers and letters up until the next backslash. And that's your ID. You're just going to copy that and that's what you're going to put under campaign ID for the form submission. Now, if you think you'll never do different campaigns and they're always going to be the same thing, you could hardcode it later, but just understand that's where you find it. So, next, the Apollo URL generator. Um, so we're passing in the user prompt all that information you fill out, right? Title, size, keywords, all that. And then inside the system prompt, we're saying, hey, this is how the URL should look, right? We give kind of the template. And then we give an example of someone who's looking for VPs of engineering in New York for certain company size and healthcare AI. And then we just have the example at the bottom. And for all these chat models, these are all just we're just using 4.1 mini, right? Uh sorry, we're using 4.1 for the URL generator. So I did the most powerful one. Honestly, it's probably overkill, but the URL has to be right every single time. If your URL is wrong, it's simply just not going to run. But the rest of these, this is 4.1 mini, 4.1 mini, 4.1 mini. Then we go to ampify. And so it's going to be post URL is going to be the run sync. Then I'll show you where you get that. And then you're just doing like accept application JSON. You're putting in your API key. Don't worry, I'll delete this afterwards. And then down here in the pay in the payload, write true true 500 URL. Now, where did I get this information? How do I do all this ampify stuff? I've never used Ampify before. Let me show you. All right. So, here I am inside of the Appify actor that we're using this Apollo scraper. Now, on the templates, I believe I actually have a link to it that you can see here. But if you simply go to Appify, it's going to open up with just a search menu, and you're just going to search for Apollo Scraper. You're it's going to be the first one that pops up. The Apollo Scraper scrape up to 50,000 leads. Okay, so once you're inside Apollo, when it comes to figuring out what the JSON payload is, right, what this is, it's just going to be this, right? You're just going to copy this, right? And you're going to paste it down here into the JSON body. Now, I will say when it comes to total records, which it may or may not show, it should default to 500, but 500 is the minimum that you have to put in there. And you can also delete stuff, right? If I don't want the personal emails, you could just like get rid of that. Or if I just want the work emails, you can do that as well. Just understand this is what should be in the JSON body. Get personal emails, get work emails, total records, and then we map the URL that was generated from the Apollo URL generator. Now, how did I know what the URL was supposed to be? Well, the way you find that, and this also goes for essentially all amplify actors. Just going to come over here to the right, top right, you're going to do API endpoints, and you'll see here a bunch of different stuff that you can put as the URL. Now you have run actor, run actor synchronously, and then run actor and get data set items. The one you want to use is run actor and get data set items because it means it's not just going to run on that one module. It's actually going to wait till it gets all the data to actually give you the thumbs up that it's ready. That way you don't have to like do any sort of web hook stuff or pause or do a timer. It just is going to when it's done, it'll tell you. But the one thing you need to note is that when you copy this, you're not going to put it all in there. You're only going to copy it up to the question mark. So you'll see here then says question mark token equals blah blah blah blah blah. Don't put it don't put that in there. It's essentially asking for your API key at that point. We put the API key down in the header. So you'll just take that, copy it, and then put it into here. So it should end with run sync get data set items and it's going to run and then it's going to push out as many items as it can find. Right? We asked for 500. It came back with 377. And like we saw before, kind of gross in terms of how much stuff it pushes us. and we don't care about most of it, which is why we have the parse lead data. Now, you'll see here up top on the prompt, what am I pushing? Well, I'm just pushing the stuff I care about, which in this case is names, titles, emails, organization stuff. Now, if you want to add more information, then you essentially would just edit this prompt. You'd say like new info. And let's say I wanted their photo URL. I would then drag that into there, and that's what it would parse out. But I just kind of left the things I felt was important. And then the system prompt is just saying, "Hey, take all this information and turn it into something that has separate items that I can use on the right." And we want it to be pushed into separate items because eventually we're going to be adding these to the Google sheet. And it's easier if one item is name, one item is first name, right, etc., etc. Which is why you have this structured output parser. So if you've never used one of these output parsers before, alls you're doing is you're specifying what you want the output to look like. And so once it does that, we do the if node like we said before. Is there any errors? If there is, get rid of them. If there's not, continue. We then add to a Google sheet. Um, in the school, I have a link to the Google sheet template. So, make sure you download that. And then make sure when you're using the template, you actually connect it properly, right? Um, so we're just mapping the stuff, right? Like I said before in that uh output parser, we have it have a specific output just so we can do this, right? So I can very easily drag and drop stuff in the right place. And so we're pushing all that personal information that we care about and all the company info that we care about, right? Websites, URLs, titles, all that good stuff. It then gets sent here to our Google sheet where we have a one-stop shop to actually view all the data we're scraping. We then have the limit like I talked about before which goes to the loop which then goes to the company research. Now we're pushing three things to this module. The company the company website and the company LinkedIn and the system message. We're asking for I believe five things in return. Company overview company uh recent company news online key offerings third party sentiment and then a comprehensive summary of all that. So, the rest of this just breaks down how I want the module to use it as tools, specifically the Tavly tool, and like what sort of sources do I want it to focus on, what sort of secondary sources, how recent do I want it to be? Um, all that is explained here. Again, all this is on the template. And feel free to edit this cuz all you really need to put here is what you want it to search for, why, and what you want the output to look like. Just like we saw before, we have a structured output parser again, which breaks out how I want the output to look like. So all five of those things, make them separate items. We then have our Tavly tool. Uh Tavly tool is one of those new community nodes that's even on the cloud version. So if you haven't done it yet, you need to upgrade your um NAN. You need to enable the community nodes. Um I've done a video on that before. And then you just have to search for Tavi over here on the right. Right. You just search for Tavi and it will pop up and then you you are able to just download it. But inside of here, you just need to connect your Tableau account. So to do that is pretty easy. Um I'm pretty sure all you need is an API key. And if you haven't used Tavi before, pretty awesome tool. Think of it as Google for large language models. You simply log in. Um you can do it with whatever. And it's free at the beginning. So, every month you get a,000 credits, which is actually pretty good because each lead, each company we look at is going to cost us 10 credits, but you could bring that down even more. And so, just by signing up, you essentially get a 100 free company like researches you can do, right? You can research 100 companies for free per email based on that free plan. And then to get the API key, you just come in here and you just copy it. You then connect to your account. We're going to do research search query. The query is going to be defined by the model. Um, so it's just going to be smart about it. And then for the options, search depth, we're putting advanced, max results five, and we want the time range to be a year. Now, if you want to be able to squeeze some more companies, like like I said, we can do 100 companies for free. If you want to double that or do more, for search depth, you'll go to basic. And then for max results, do like two or three, right? The search won't be as good. It won't be as deep, but it's going to be cheaper. And so with that, it gives us all the company research. And then we do our outreach message. And so what do we pass? We pass the name of our lead, their personal background summary, their company name, and their company background. And the system message is basically saying, "Hey, this is what I want the body of those emails to sound like." And this is where you really need to edit and customize it, right? So, I have it to be 100 to 150 words. Could be more, could be less. I have tons of references here to Chase AI's consulting services. You're not Chase AI. You may or may not be an AI consulting consultancy. In which case, you need to change all this. the company, the offering, and how you also want it to write. Um, this talks about hooks. This talks about how I want it to do what it needs to do. But like, change this, customize this. You have your own writing style. You have your own way that you think will actually turn into people opening your emails and responding to them. And this is where you put it. So, definitely put in the example output an email you've done before or multiple, right? The more the better. So, after that, we push it to Google Sheets. And then we go to instantly AI. Let's take a look at this node and what we're doing. So it's an HTTP node. If you are on the community version, so you're self-hosting, there is an instantly AI custom node that you can use, right? So it'll be a little easier for you to set up. I'm going to show you how you do it on the NAN cloud version because if you can do it on the cloud, it's super easy to translate to the self-host. In fact, it'll probably be way easier. But the HT HTTP node works no matter what. So the URL we're going to be doing is API instantly.ai/b2leads. You're going to put in your API key here. Again, I'm going to delete mine after this video. And then we have the body. So here's what we're passing, right? Campaign, email, last name, first name, company name, and custom variables. So campaign it needs to know because all these leads are going to be under a campaign umbrella, right? So you have to know the ID. And then we're just saying here's the names, here's what the company is, and here's the actual body. actually pretty pretty simple. Nothing crazy going on there. But let's now hop into instantly so you can kind of understand what's going on here. So instantly on the left side, there's a few things you're going to have to set up. The first thing you're going to need to set up is your actual email. You can add tons of different domains and when you add a new email, it walks you through how to do it. You can actually buy pre-warmed accounts every few weeks. Um they show you how to do a Gmail, right? Microsoft. It actually takes you through step by step. takes three minutes. They even have pretty good YouTube videos that show you how to set it up. But you need to set up the account. Next, you're going to come on the left and you're going to go to campaigns. And this is where you're going to set up your new campaign. So, you're just going to do add new. And we'll just call this demo 2. And you'll see we now have a few things in here. We have leads and we have sequences. These are the two we care about. So, the leads are going to be autopop populated via our workflow. like right we saw before on the other demo and it's going to have their names or emails all that good stuff. Sequences are again sequences are email sequences. So step one is when I run this campaign that's the first email that's going to get sent to them. I can add multiple steps right based on hey they respond they don't respond. How many days do I want it to wait? Again this isn't a deep dive on instantly but that's how it works. And so here's what an example email would look like. You'll see here a lot of variables. And variables are those things with the two squiggly brackets. So it says hi blank custom body. Now is it going to send custom body? No. What it's going to send is the custom body we put down here. Right? So it passed this custom body variable, which is this entire write up we had to instantly. So now it knows, hey, when I'm sending this email to this lead, I'm going to use that customized email. And so if I preview it, you can actually see the full writeup. Now, how did I know that was the variable to use? Well, if I go here, right, you'll notice I don't have a name. If I come down to the bottom where it says variables and I click on it, I had then can see all the variables that are available to me. If I want to do first name, just click first name. And when I preview it, we now see hi Kelly. And so that's what it looks like from here in Naden where we pass the variables to here inside of instantly where you can actually use them to generate the custom outreach. And again, there's a ton you can do on here in terms of scheduling, in terms of setting up signatures and emails and making it look pretty. Again, I won't deep dive that here, but that's how the NAND uh instantly connection works. And again, for instantly, in terms of cost, there is a twoe free trial. You can send up to 30 emails with the free trial. You can do all the API stuff, but if you want to do this for like big time, it's going to cost you 37 bucks a month um for 5,000 emails, which is pretty on par for cold outreach programs out there. Okay, so before we wrap this all up, let's quickly talk about the APIs you need and the costs for this whole thing. We've talked about it a little bit, but let's go through it thoroughly. So, we need four API keys for this. Appify, OpenAI, Instantly, and Tavi. Tavly gone through very easy to get OpenAI. The documentation's pretty clear if you go through the NN docs if you've never done it before. As for Appify, um once you have an account and you they have a free trial, but you can't use the API if you're on the free trial. So to do this, you will need the $39 a month version. You're just going to come to the bottom left and go to settings. Go to API integrations, and you can find and create your API tokens here. For instantly, you're going to go to the bottom left, click on your profile, then do settings. You're going to go to um integrations, API keys, and here's your API key. Now, let's talk about cost. So, touched on it before. Instantly, $38 a month, but they do have that free trial. Tavly, free for the first 100 leads uh for the first 100 companies. And again, that's with the current search setup. Like I showed you before, we could double that pretty quickly just by changing some of the settings. And then after that, you're looking about 8 cents a lead. Um, you can get it down even more depending how you do it. You also have the option of just every hundred leads switching emails, right? You could kind of abuse the free trial system if you wanted to. Ampify 39 bucks. Apollo $120 of that 39. And then for the actual GPT tokens, um, we're looking at per 100 leads under 10 cents. So, pretty cheap in that regard. Um, and like it sounds like those things add up, but truth be told, to create essentially an entire cold outreach customized cold outreach email campaign from scratch, not bad, right? I don't think it's too bad. So, um, as always, let me know what you think of it. Let me know if you run into any issues. I really like this workflow. I think it's really lean, but very, very efficient, right? Especially when we compare it to what we had before, which was a bit of behemoth, kind of unwieldy. I really like what we've gotten here. So, good luck and I'll see you guys around. Hey everybody, in today's video I'm going to be showing you this AI workflow that I built inside of NADN that allows you to automatically make carousel posts inside of Tik Tok and Instagram. You as a user simply fill out a form to get it started. You tell it the concept or the topic of the post you want, the number of slides, the visual style of the images you want created, and then a general story line. If you don't give it a general story line, the AI itself will actually create one for you. You hit submit and then you get a carousel like this one here that's automatically posted on both Instagram and Tik Tok which I think is pretty cool because if you've ever tried to do any sort of nan automations with carousel posting you know it's kind of difficult and oftent times you have to build automations that have a lot of stuff hardcoded and don't allow you to be very dynamic and what I love about this one is it is dynamic so it's a singular workflow that allows you to set multiple different types of carousels right whether that's three images, four images, or five images. And I'll show you how to change even that. And it's very dynamic in terms of the amount of content that we're putting in there, right? We set it on the form submission. It can always be different, but just based on the form, it's going to create everything we need. And so, taking a look at this example, you can actually see what it does. So, the first thing it does is it creates a base image, and then it obviously does the actual text on top that tells a story. And then for the follow-on images, it takes that base image and edits it, which allows us to have characters that are the same throughout the story, right? We don't get a different robot that looks way different on slide five than it does on slide one. Now, in this case, I would say it gets a little bit more blue at the end, but for all intents and purposes, this is the same robot and the same character that's present throughout our story. So, that's what the endgame of this build looks like. And now I'm going to take you through it module by module so you can recreate this on your own or grab the template from the school. Now this looks crazy at first, but I promise you it's not too bad. And in fact, a lot of this is taken up by what you see here at the bottom, which is the different ways we post it to Instagram and Tik Tok. And then the one thing I want to point out right at the beginning is all these places in red. These are the places where if you're using the template, you're actually going to have to go in and edit some things. things. And by edit some things, I just mean put in your API key for open API and or openAI rather. And then also put in your API key for upload post and your username. So upload post is the name of the service we're using to actually make these posts to Tik Tok and Instagram. So without further ado, let's get started and take a look at this thing. So in general, what's happening? Starting from the top, we put in that form submission which then goes here to the large language model which generates the image prompts and the captions for us. Right? And by captions, I'm talking about the actual words on the top of the page. And then from there, it has this initialized loop variables and the set API variables. And don't worry, I'll actually go into these soon. But essentially, what's going to happen is it's going to create dictionaries. Think of dictionaries as just an empty box. And as we go through this entire workflow, it's going to put images into that box, mainly the base image and then the edited images 2 3 4 and five. So at the end after it's cycled through all of them, it gets consolidated here in this code block and then sent off in different directions depending on how large we want that carousel to be. Whether that's three images, four images, or five images. So a lot of what you see like in terms of complexity here is just managing those images, right? Cuz we have to have a base image and then we have to have image two which is based off of image one and image three needs to be based off image two, right? There's a lot of like referencing prior images and we need to find a place to actually put them as we mess with the data from all the follow on images but then create this carousel. Right? So there is a lot of complexity with this, but I think this workflow does a good job of kind of breaking it down and making it dynamic enough where you aren't stuck in certain pathways, namely like I can only do three images in my carousel or it can only be, you know, with these certain images, right? So I think this one gives you a lot of flexibility and as we go through it, I'll show you how to make it even more flexible. Now let's go into the modules one by one so you can understand what's happening. Just wanted to give a quick plug for my school where you can actually find the template for this exact workflow as well as a ton of others. I have guides on here for how to get started in NAND, how to create your first AI agent, rag agents, marketing agents, stuff specifically for business, self-posting, all of it can be found here in my school. We have a really engaging and growing community. So would love to see you there. So form submission. Let's take a look at this. So there's a few things that it's getting submitted, right? the concept and the topic, right? What are we going to talk about? The number of the slides. Right now, it's at the three, four, or five. And then a visual style, right? We did studio studio Gibli like an anime style, but you can do whatever you want. Then lastly, a general story line, which isn't a required field. If you don't put it in, the AI will figure it out for you. And then we see here what we did was a cute small robot, learning how to create AI agents, five slides, Gibly style, and then we gave it a general story line. Then from there that goes into a basic LLM chain where we generate the carousel prompts and so we feed it everything from that form submission right the concept slide style storyline all that and then down here we have our system prompt now this thing is pretty dense I didn't do this from scratch right I personally went to Gemini and told it what I was trying to do and what sort of system prompt I wanted it to create and this is what it came up with so it specifies what the user is going to provide and then it gives it its task Right. You need to generate exactly the requested number of image prompts. I give it the aspect ratio r ratio here. So it's 9 for 16. So it's made for Tik Tok and Instagram. Incorporate the yard style. It goes into stuff about the story line. And then here it says the output must be a single valid JSON object with a specific JSON structure. So all the image prompts for, you know, whether that's three, four, or five are all going to be under a prompts array item. And you'll see how we manipulate that going forward in a little bit. And then past here, I just give some examples of what I want the output to look like. And then I also give examples of prompts. We also require a specific output format here. And you'll see right here, we use the structured output parser. And so again, this is just giving it an example, right? I want all the prompts this way in a prompts array. And then beyond that, I want it to also hold on to the topic, the style, and the slides. And so we see that here in this output on the right hand side. So you'll see we have the prompts array all five of them in one item. And then below that the topic, the style and the slide. Next we come here to we have a set fields and we're calling this an initialized loop variables. And we have this mode set to JSON. And so you'll see here in the expression we have our prompts array, right? Remember these are all the prompts we're going to be using all five of them in one item. And then you'll also see which is important here is the loop index on the right hand side generated photo binaries and then we also have something for current image key for next edit which is image for edit. Now what's happening there? Well let's talk about the loop index first. So we need this loop right backing out real quick. We need this loop you're seeing right here kind of on the second part to happen a certain amount of times. And that's going to be determined by how many slides we want in our carousel. And so we start that by essentially starting a counter. And we start that counter at zero, which is what we're doing here on the initialized loop variables module. Next, you'll see generated photo binaries. And we have an empty dictionary. Now, if you don't know what a dictionary is, just think of it as an empty box. And the photo binaries are the images that are created, right? So eventually we're going to have five images sitting inside this box that we're going to push to Instagram and Tik Tok. But this gives us a place to put it. And then this for current image key for next edit. That's going to become important when we're taking images or follow on slides, right? For like slide two, slide three and actually doing an image edit, right? Because the API call we make to OpenAI is different if you're having it generate an image from scratch versus when you give it an image to edit, right? So that first base image is going to be from scratch that has no sort of reference. And all the following images are going to be edits of the previous one. So we can keep the characters in it the same. So that's what that's doing, right? Form submitted. We generate the prompts. Now we're starting a counter and we're giving oursel boxes to put our images in. Over here we have the description. Now this is just doing the description for like Tik Tok and Instagram, right? Um and we just have this off to the side. That way later down the line down here, right before we send it off to Instagram and Tik Tok, we can then reference that. So that's why it's kind of just off on its own. Next, we have some API variables. So number of images, that's the number of images that's going to be created for each slide. So image two, we're only doing one image with image two, right? I don't need three. I don't want to confuse it. So here we're just going like images, sizes, all this stuff. You shouldn't have to touch any of this, although we make sure to include other input fields and all because we want this information to be passed on throughout the workflow. So now is where we start generating images in this workflow. And so on this one, obviously, you need to update it with your own API key. We come in here. It's going to be an HTTP request because NN doesn't have one set up yet for the um GPT image genen API. So um just do credential type open AI open AI and then coming down here to the JSON what we're passing is the model the prompt the amount of images the size and the output format. Um so all this stuff is coming from those uh API um variables we set before and the prompt you'll see here JSON prompt arrays JSON.loop index. You see that loop index? That's how it knows which ones to call. Since it's the first one, the loop index is on zero. It's going to grab that first prompt for us. And we see that on the right hand side. So it generates the image, but we have all this data alongside that's getting passed into here, right? So we want to separate that image out. That's what this thing is doing. So we can just pull out the image that's created, but we need to convert it, right? We need to convert it so we can actually look at it. And that's what the convert to file is doing. And so this way when I hit view, I can actually see the image that's created. Otherwise, if we don't have this, you'll see it over here on the lefth hand side where it says B64_JSON. It's just a series of numbers and letters that goes on for damn near infinity and you can't do anything with, right? So we need to convert this file so we can actually look at the image. We need to convert it to binary. So that's what's happening up on this first hand part, right? We're just setting the stage for everything and we're creating that first base image. Now, we feed this to a merge node here because there's no way to keep the data alongside the image once it's converted. So, what I'm saying is this this file right here, this convert to file one. All it has is the image, right? But we still want stuff like what loop index are we on, what are the prompts going to be, what's the story line, etc., right? And all that stuff is over here in the set API variables node. So, we merge this. So, we have all the data from here plus the image to move forward. So this kind of then takes us to phase two which is doing all the follow on edited images. And so we have a code block right here. And so what's happening in this code block are two big things. The first thing is it's taking that first image we've created that binary image and it's putting it inside of that binary images directory we made earlier. Right? Remember this guy, the initialized loop variables where I said we were creating a box that we're going to put images in. Well, this code block takes the image we hit up here and puts it in the box for us to use later. The other thing it does is it then hits the loop counter. So now we're going from zero to one. And you'll kind of see that similar thing repeated here in this loop. So next we hit this if module which is where we're then going to go into phase two where we're doing the edited images. Now this should look super similar, right? This stuff here on the bottom is basically a carbon copy of the stuff on the top. The difference is like I mentioned before, we're now using that edit images API, which is referencing an image before we send it to OpenAI to actually create the new one. So that's why it's a little different, but in like high level, it's pretty much the exact same thing. So in this node, we're just setting certain variables, right? Like here's the loop index, here's a different image you're going to use, and here's the prompt that it needs. Then from there comes here, right? You'd have to update this with your OpenAI account, but similar to before, hey, here's the model, here's the prompt, here's the parameter type, etc., etc., etc. And we also have here moderation to low. I weirdly a couple times had OpenAI like stop the workflow saying it was like a moderation thing as if the content was violating some sort of thing. Even though this is, as you saw, um, very PG images. Your results may vary. I threw it in there. didn't have any problems, but that's why that's there. And so, hey, it's going to recognize based on the loop counter, which promptly used, rates the image just like before, separate the image out, convert it to binary, so we can view the new image. From there, it goes with the merge node, right? Remember this just has the image, but we still want the data from here, which then goes to this code block, which remember just like this code block is doing two things. It's putting that picture, right? That binary file into that dictionary we created up here. So that's one more image in our little image box that's going to go to Instagram or Tik Tok. And then it's hitting that loop counter again, right? So we're start at zero. Now we're on one. And then it goes back and it hits this if node again. And what is the if node checking? It's checking that loop index. And so it's making sure that the loop index is always less than the amount of prompts we're giving it. Um, that seems kind of confusing because our loop index starts at zero, doesn't start at one. But all we need to know is this is essentially checking do we have as many images created as prompts we were asked for. And if no, we're going to keep looping till we get it. And once we have enough images, we're going to stop this loop and we're going to come down here where we actually post the image. Then we come down to this code block, the consolidate images. So what's it essentially doing here? Well, it's you can kind of see here on the right, it's grabbing all those images that were in our dictionary before, right? And it's putting them all in one place. So, you see we now have five photos, right? We can view them all, etc. And then it's grabbing the captions and essentially pulling it into the same space as all these images. Remember those captions that I talked about earlier up top here, right? This is getting referenced all the way down here alongside that whole image dictionary being p put all together here in this code block. And then we're pushing it out to Instagram, Tik Tok, um, or the actual carousel. Now, we hit this switch. And as you can see here, there's three places it goes to. Either it's a three image carousel, a four image carousel, or five image carousel. Unfortunately, there wasn't a super elegant solution that at least I could come up with where this just went to one place and it was able to dynamically figure out whether you wanted three, four, five, seven, 10 images in your carousel and so it would look nice and neat. So instead, we got kind of this ugly switch system where then it goes to these different places. Now, why is that? Well, you look into here. Here's how it works. So, first of all, things you're going to need to change your API key. And we'll look at um upload post here in a second. You also need to change this your actual username. You also get that from upload post. But as you'll see here, you see how it says photos, photo one, photos, photo two, photos, photo three. Each of these has a different amount, right? So these all have three photos. These have four. These have five. I couldn't find a way to have that dynamically change inside the module itself, which is why you see this. So say you wanted six image carousels. Well, you would go to switch right here. You would add a routing rule. You would change this. So you would just copy this. Um you would do number if that is equal to six, right? And then you would come over here. You would copy paste all this. Oops, that looks nice. And you would drag this over here into here. And you would edit these. See how it's goes to four. You would add a parameter. Take that to five. Take that to six. So that's how you would edit it yourself to increase the amount of options you have here. But for this template and for this video, we just have it for three, four, and five. Um, but that's why it's built that way. Now, let's actually look at these things. So, like I said, API key, update, all that. And all this stuff is just going to be referencing like the captions that we created before and the actual photos in the correct order. There's not too much you actually have to do here or touch. And same thing for Tik Tok. It's virtually the same um for this same exact deal. And then right here, we just have this if thing. So this is kind of just like some error handling. If everything goes well, it's just going to come here to true and nothing happens. You could change it to some sort of like alert, right? This could be an email. This could be Telegram. This could be whatever where you get some sort of notification that it's posted because to go through this entire workflow with five images is going to take you like four or five minutes just because of how long it takes to generate them. The false one here, if you're on the free plan of upload post, 99% of the time it's going to work. Every once in a while you'll sometimes get an error with Instagram, not as much with Tik Tok. If that happens, usually if you just try it again, it'll work right away. So this does one more attempt to get it to post if there was some sort of error. So that's what you see here with this false loop. So if it posts successfully, you'll see an output like this where it just says results Instagram success. You'll also see down here in the usage if you're on the free plan where it says how many times you've used up your credits for the month. So you get 10 free uploads per month. And right now on this particular run, we were at seven with that account. And now let's take a look at upload post so I can kind of show you where everything is. So here's a look at upload post. Um, in terms of pricing, again, they have a free plan. You get 10 free uploads a month, but they also have this basic professional dance, right? Just depends on how often you're actually posting. Now, to actually hook up your accounts, you're going to go to manage users up top. You're going to find the platform you want to connect. Click on the account and just follow the directions to connect your account. It's pretty simple. And then to get your API key. Oh, also this is your username. So here where it says Chase AI test, if we're inside of here, um this is what h this is where you put your username. So make sure you do that. But uh API keys, just hit API key. You'll find it up here as well as some users instructions. So there you have it, guys. That's the carousel for Instagram and Tik Tok kind of broken down in terms of how you can make this a little bit better. Again, maybe some of you are better than me and can come up with a better solution for this kind of mess, but this is the only thing I was able to figure out. So, that would be one place to make it better. Um, other places to make it better would be figuring a way to improve the prompts. Right. Right now, it kind of just does a story line on its own accord. You could probably add something in here like cavly web search and you know if you wanted a more like educational bent like really have some good story lines that are like educational and like researchbacked and you could totally do that here right just by adding a tablet tool and messing with the system prompt a bit. Um those are the biggest things or adding more socials right adding something like LinkedIn would be another good one to do the carousels. So let me know what you think. Again, I was really excited about this one cuz the carousel stuff is kind of a pain in the butt and it's hard to find one like this that is dynamic and that you can play with and actually gives you a good product. So, um, let me know how you enjoy it and I'll see you

=== I Built this GPT-5 AI Agent in 10 Minutes With Zero Code! (n8n tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuIKO6XDWEY

Chat GPT5 is finally here and it might be the greatest AI model ever created. Now, what we're going to do in this video is two things. First, I'm going to go over some highle stuff about GPT5, what you should care about, how it compares to other big-time models, and then we're going to go through and actually create an AI agent using GBT5 without any code. Now, if you're rather advanced, you've been in this channel for a while, the second half of this video where we go through the no code AI agent might be a little simplistic for you. It's really for people who are just dipping their toes into the low code waters and want to see how they can incorporate GPT5. But even if you are a little more advanced, I think the first half will be great. So you can see what GPT5 really buys you, what are the cost? How does it actually work? Right? Is it a thinking model? Is it like a mini model? Is it all the above? We'll dive through it all. So strap in and let's get started. So, first let's talk really quick about the difference between the GPT5 API, which is something we're going to be using a lot when it comes to building AI agents and the GPT5 inside of ChatGpt because there are some slight differences. Now, when it comes to the chat GPT GPT5, and I'm just going to refer to that as chat GPT from now on, we've heard a lot about the fact that it's like a dynamic model, right? It can give you quick answers. It can give you thoughtful answers depending on what you ask it and how you prompt it, right? I could specifically tell GPT5, tell me about AI agents and really think about it and it's going to take a moment to respond, right? It's actually thinking longer for a better answer. And I have the option to get a quick answer. Now, compare that to the API. It's a little bit different. We don't just have one model we can choose from. We actually have three. And you see that right here. They're releasing GPT5 in three sizes. We have the GPT5 which is like the big thinking model, the mini and the nano. Now if you've been playing around with 4.1 for the last few months, it's kind of the same infrastructure/archchitecture, right? You got your big powerful model with GPT5. You want that for that really strong tasks. Then you have the mini and the nano which are cheaper and tend to be a little bit quicker. GPT5 also has a few new parameters that we're able to play with, namely the verbosity parameter, right? Do I want it to just keep talking forever and ever or do I want short concise answers? And we have the ability to actually tweak the reasoning effort parameter. Right? So how fast we want it to give the answers, how much do we really want it to think? Right? So now that's actually a knob we're able to tune which is great for developers. And those three things, verbosity, reasoning effort, and the split between the three models is the biggest difference between what you get here inside of chat GPT and what you get inside of the API. Next, let's talk about cost. So, here's a comparison of GBT5 with some of the other major models. Now, remember, what are input costs? What are output costs? What are tokens? Think of each word you give your AI agent or chat GBT a token, right? Each word is a token, and the input is the words you give it in the prompt, and the output are the words you give back. And there's a different cost for each. Now, the big boy GPT5 input cost per million tokens is $1.25. Output cost is 10. Actually, that's pretty reasonable and cheaper than a lot of the other big time models, right? If we compare that to 2.5 Pro from Gemini, it has double the input cost and 50% higher output cost. Gro 3, also relatively expensive. And this is also essentially in line slightly cheaper than 40 and definitely cheaper than 03. And then we also have the mini and the nano cost which are very cheap. We're talking about 5 cents per million tokens on the input and 40 cents for the output. So, these uh minis and nanos are actually great and probably and when it comes to production, you're going to be using mini a lot. Really great power for the cost. Now, in terms of power, how does it compare? So, now most of the marketing materials showed you GBT5 versus like 403 and it was like, yeah, no kidding, guys. Obviously, your new model is better than the old model. How do you stack up against your actual competition, right? Gemini, Claude, Grock, right? And we see that here. Now, obviously take these numbers with a great assault. every one of these companies kind of massages these numbers and how they train their model to do on these tests. But, you know, you figure if everybody's doing it, then it's somewhat of a normal race, right? Everybody's cheating, so it's okay. But if we look down here down GPT5, we do see that it either leads the pack or it's very close to the front. Um, so obviously crushes it in math and coding. Um, one thing you do want to notice though is the context window size does tend to be a little bit smaller, right? 256 versus you see something like Gemini that has a million tokens. Now, where you could go into a long discussion about, you know, how much value do you really get out of a million token context window because there is some research that says it kind of doesn't even matter and it's all fake. But again, for those of you who are new, remember what's are tokens? Remember we said one word yields one token. And the context window is how many tokens you can give it or you can work with at any one time. Um, hallucination rates going down. That's great. Obviously price is pretty good. Um, and I think the biggest thing is now the ability for us to kind of tweak those different parameters. So those are the biggest things we need to pay attention to, right? And so big picture, what do we get with GPT5? We get more power at a pretty good cost and we're continuing to get more flexibility, right? Especially when it comes to, hey, I can do the five, I can do the mini, I can do the nano, and I can mess with these parameters when it comes to verbosity and when it comes to reasoning, right? reasoning effort. So, great news for everybody. Um, you should really be pumped for this. And so, what we're going to do now is we're going to hop into NADN and I'm going to show you how we can build an AI agent with no code powered by GPT5 and we can kind of play around with some of these parameters. All right, let's now build our noode AI agent powered by GPT5. So, I'm inside of NADN. I'll put a link up to my NAND master class if you have no idea what the words NAND mean and you're very very confused already. Um, it takes you step by step how to get started here, but it's pretty easy. You can hop on to the website right now and start a free trial and totally follow along. So, we're just going to do add first step. Um, and I'm going to search for AI agent. And so, this AI agent kind of just becomes the foundation that we build everything off of, right? So, what we want to do is what I talked about before is GPT5, right? So, I'm going to hit the plus button here on the model. And over here on the right, I'm kind of blocking some of it, but on the bottom right, there's OpenAI chat GPT or OpenAI chat model. And I have a list of models I can choose from, right? Everything from way back when we're going into the archives with 3.5 Turbo. But we have GPT5 here already. And like we talked about before, there's a number of different models, right? GPT5. It has it by the date, the latest, the mini, and the nano. So, let's just go with GPT5. Now, you do need to connect an OpenAI account to do this. And how do you do that? Well, we'll go through it real fast. You're just going to go to create new credential. And then you're going to hit open docs up here. And Naden actually has really solid documentation. And you're just going to follow the instructions of how to do that. So, we'll do it real fast. We're going to go to OpenAI and you just essentially can also search for OpenAI um API. So, OpenAI API in chat GPT. Those are two separate essentially entities under the OpenAI umbrella, right? OpenAI's API is what we use to, you know, create AI agents like this, right? We're talking to an API versus chat GBT is like a standalone thing, right? It can be kind of confusing at first. Just understand there's those are two different places. And the API requires a certain amount of money, too. And by a certain amount of money, I mean like you just throw in a couple dollars versus chat GBT, you're paying, you know, your 20 bucks a month or whatever. So just understand also the billing is a little bit different. So anyways, we're going to be in here. You're going to create an account or log in. And then what we need to do if you've never been here before is first thing we need to do is set up our billing. Um so to do that, you're going to hit this little gear up on the right. You're going to go to billing on the left. And then you're just going to go to add to credit balance. Again, just a few bucks is fine. Next, you're going to go to API keys and you're going to do create new secret key. Now, you can call this whatever you want. It doesn't really matter. Project can be default project. This key is essentially just our secret password that when we use the API, we're essentially telling Open like, hey, I'm I'm part of the club. Like, use my credits. Give me access. Here's my secret password. So, you're going to copy that. Don't let people know this. And don't worry, I will delete this after this video. You're going to come back in here and you're just going to paste that API key in. And that's all you got to do. You're just going to save it. I'll just call this GBT5 test. Save that. And guess what? You're now connected. So, you're now connected, assuming you did the billing. Um, we have the model and there's some options we can play with. Now, unfortunately, those parameters I talked about earlier like verbosity, reasoning effort, that's not in here yet. Um, I imagine in a very soon to occur NAT update there will be in here, but kind of a bummer we can't play around with that just yet. But now we essentially have like the makings of kind of chat GPT. We're just going to add memory real quick. So we can just hit memory and then do simple memory. Context window length is five. That just means it's going to remember like our last five messages. Now once you add the memory, you can just open the chat window and talk to it just like you would chat GPD. You can just say, "Hey, what's up? My name is Chase. And we can see it going to work right here, right? The OpenAI model is thinking and it's giving us a response saying, "Hey, what's up?" So, at a very base level, you essentially have like a shadow of chat GPT already built. We wanted to make it an agent, right? So, what makes an AI agent an AI agent? Well, it's the ability for some sort of AI system to be dynamic, right? And to do things on our behalf using tools. So, we're going to add a tool to it. So, I just hit the plus button here, and I'll move this over. And you can see a bunch of tools native to NAN. So I can add all these tools to our AI agent and have it actually use the tool to do things, right? You see here we have uh a notion tool. So we could have it actually, you know, go inside of notion and do things. A SQL tool. It's a NASA tool for some reason. But like point being I can give it tools and tools and tools and then based on what I tell it, it can dynamically to choose the right tool for the job. Right? That's kind of agentic. Now, just for this demo, I'm just going to do Gmail. Now, I will link a video up top that kind of goes through how to set up Google accounts and all that if you really want to follow through with this. But this is kind of just to demo AI in action, right? So, I've connected my account as always. You can create a new credential and follow the documentation. But beyond this, you'll notice here we have a two, a subject, and a message. Now, what are these little stars over here? It says, "Let the model define this parameter." I'll move back over real quick. Says, "Let the model define this parameter." What does that mean? Well, if I click this now, this means AI in this case GPT5 is going to decide who the two is, who the subject is, and what the message is going to be based on the chat message we have with it. Right? So, for example, I can say send an email to Chase and I give it an email. Now, we could take this a step further, right? And actually give it a database with emails or like our Google contact. So, I could just say, "Hey, email Chase and it would know the email." But for the demo, we're not going to do that. So, send an email to Chase saying what's up. So, I'm going to send this. And what it's going to do is it's actually going to take my message, be like, "Okay, I know there's a Gmail tool attached to it. I'm going to send the email." So, really, we've now created essentially chat GPT that has the ability to do things, right? It's the same as going to actual chat GPT, right? And saying, "Hey, send an email to Chase saying this, right?" And this is just one example with one tool and we could add more and more and more tools and get rather sophisticated. But you saw how easy it was to essentially set this up using stuff like GPT5. And obviously the model we're using here is really powerful. And honestly, this is like almost too much for just sending simple emails. And you can see like it's really thinking about it. Um, and it would probably be even quicker if we just used a simpler model. All right, it said it sent the email. took a sweet time with that cuz uh we kind of put a jet engine in a Volvo with this setup. But let's see if it actually sent the email. So here's the email. Hey Chase, what's up? Easy. Now, this was a good demo of why you probably don't want to have like a full-blown thinking model if you're going to have it do its simple tasks. But the power of something like this is really shown when we just add more and more tools. And right, we could spend all day here adding tool after tool after tool, right? and just kind of going crazy with this thing. But this is kind of the foundations of building any sort of no code AI Asian setup, right? And you saw how easy it is to get that foundation created with no code required, just essentially dragging and dropping different modules. So that is where I'm going to end you. If you're interested in kind of diving deeper into this, check out some of my other videos. We make other sophisticated AI agents. You can also check out the community links to that below as well. And um if nothing else, I hope this gave you a pretty good overview of what GPT5 can and can't do, what we're seeing with the API, and sort of the subtleties with each model. So, let me know what you think in the comments.

=== Track Your YouTube Competition With This Simple AI Automation (n8n + No Code) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BhS71m_niQ

If you're anything like me, you have literally hundreds of videos on your YouTube backlog. You know what the YouTube backlog is? It's a bunch of videos you've liked, saved, and bookmark, and you keep telling yourself, "I'm going to watch that. I'm going to get around to that." And then you never do. And why is that? Well, because there's just like too much new content coming out every single day for anyone who isn't going to spend 5 hours of their life watching every single relevant video to keep up with it all. And while it's kind of funny, it's also a real problem. Like for me for example, like I'm in the AI space as a professional and some of the best AI information comes out on YouTube, but I just do not have the time to watch every single video. And I'm sure it's the same for you in your niche. So what can we do about that? Well, that's where this AI automation comes in. So I figured, hey, what if I created something that was essentially like my daily YouTube report, right? It pulled the top videos that were posted in the last 24 hours in my specific niche. And then it gave me a central report on them, right? Like give me a very simple summary so I see if I care about it. Give me a deep dive summary if I really want to be able to get all the information it covers and then give me some basic statistics, right? Like who posted it, thumbnail, link, all that good stuff. And that's exactly what this does. The point of it is just give me some sort of report every single day that I can skim in a few minutes, decide what I care about, what I don't, and if I do care about it, I can get enough information from a written report that it's a 90% solution from compared to me sitting there for 30 minutes watching it. Right? Huge timesaver. I still get most of the information and if I really really want to watch it, I still can. And so in this video, I'm going to show you how to recreate and customize this exact AI automation. Also, there's a link to the school down below where you can get this template for free and use it right now because I think it's super useful for a ton of people because I know it solves one of my pain points. And so, to start us off, let's actually go inside of Air Table where all this data gets pushed and kind of look at what the final result would be. So, here we are inside of Air Table and this automation grabbed the top five NAN videos in the last 24 hours. So, I'm sure you recognize a few of these names. Good old Nate Herk up there at the top. And so what we got is we have the title of the videos it grabbed, the date, the creator, the thumbnail, the views. So this is all within the last 24 hours. So you can kind of see what's trending, a link to it, and then the summaries, and this is what we care about. So first, the short summary. So this is really just like two sentences giving me a very brief overview so I can decide, do I care about this or not? Right? So this one, the video is about Google Opal and kind of just compares it to NAN. All right, that could be interesting. Now, if I'm interested, I can go into the deep dive. And so this essentially just goes a few layers deeper. So the idea is if I read the deep dive, I'm getting essentially a 90% solution compared to watching the whole video, right? Nothing will compare to actually sitting down for 20 minutes and watching it. But I don't have time to do that for three, four, five videos every day. I just don't. And so I want to be able to read a report about what was talked about and just like give me the stuff I care about. And that's what this deep report is all about. And so it does that for all of these videos. in again. If I really care, I can watch the link. But I think this is a huge timesaver. I know it's a huge timesaver for me. I hope it is for you. And so now, let's actually go in here and see how this all works. So, we'll just go module by module and I'll show you what you need to put in there and edit yourself to get it working. To start, we have a schedule trigger, right? Very simple. This is just running 24 hours every single day. For me, it triggers at 7. So, next module is us actually getting the videos we care about. So, you're connecting with your YouTube credential. And to do that, you need to go inside of Google Cloud and make sure you enable your YouTube v3 API. And we'll actually dive into that a little bit further in the next module. Resources video. We're getting many the limit. This is how many videos you're going to grab. Note, it will also grab shorts. We're eventually going to filter out shorts, but we can't filter it out on the front side. So, just have that in mind in terms of how many videos you're grabbing. We're publishing it essentially after the beginning of the previous day. The query is naden. This is where you would hardcode whatever it is you want, right? Like what query do you want? For me, it's naden. But what if I also wanted like AI agents and AI automations? Well, I could do another one. Just copy paste it for AI. Another one. Whoops. We could do uh another one for like AI Asians, right? You can very easily multiply this automation out and pretty much hit whatever niche interests you. So that's where you put your niche, your query, whatever you want it to search for when it comes to videos. Next, you got your region code and then you have some other options here like safe search and the order you want it to stack it. For me, it's relevance. So that module gets us a bunch of video data, but not enough. We want some more video data. And that's where this module comes in where we get some more stuff about like views, time length, some actual statistics, all that stuff. So this one's an actual HTTP request module because we can't get these stats with just the native YouTube module. So we're doing a get method. We're pushing it to this URL. And now what you will need is your API key, which is different from like your client secret. So let me show you how you get that. So you're going to go to Google Cloud, which you should have done before when you've set up your Google credentials in the past. Again, you can watch my previous videos to learn how to do that if you've never done it before. You're going to go to console. You're going to come over here to the top left. You're going to go to APIs and services. You're going to go to credentials. And now, just to be sure we're all on the same page, I want you to search for YouTube. Go to YouTube data v3. Make sure you enable this. Next, go to YouTube Analytics API. Make sure you enable that as well for good measure. And then once you're back inside here, you're going to go to create credentials. You're going to do API key and you're going to create an API key. Copy that API key. Come back into here and paste it in there. That's where your API key goes. Next, we have the ID. This is just a video ID. And then the part is the actual details we want to get back. Um, if you want some more information about that stuff, just look up the Google YouTube API docs and you can find more information there. And what that does is it gives us everything here on the right. You'll see things like channel ID, title, description, and we get some more statistics like view count, like count, all that stuff. Now, like I said before, we are unable to filter out shorts on the front end. So, that's what is happening here. We're essentially just filtering by length. So, anything under 3 minutes and 30 seconds, we filter out and those that pass come down here where we then use super data. So, Super Data is a really cool tool that allows us to get YouTube transcriptions and we get the first transcriptions, first 100 transcriptions for free. Now, there's a ton of ways to get YouTube transcriptions. If you use Appify, you can do it that way for like a penny per transcriptions. But, I thought this was a cool one to use. A cuz I'd never used it before, and B, we can start off for free. So, if you don't have Aify or anything else, this is a really easy way to get into this automation. Now, Super Data does require an API. So, what you're going to do is you are going to click this link. You're going to sign up. No credit card required. And you're going to get your API key. Second thing you need to do is you need to download the community node for Super Data. So, you need to be self-hosted if you're doing this. You're going to come down here to the bottom, click this link. This is the Super Data node. Copy this. Go back into here. Let me save this real quick. You're going to go to settings on the bottom left. Go to community nodes. Go to install. Paste that in there. That will download the node for you. And once you've done that, I want you to click inside here, connect your account. You just need your API key. Resource will be superbase. Operation will be get transcription. And then we're essentially just giving it the actual video URL. Right? That easy. And what you get on the right is a giant transcription block. This is what we are going to be throwing into AI shortly. So, we got our transcript. Now, we go to AI. And you'll see here for the prompt, we just shove in all of that uh transcript content. We require specific output format because remember, we want two things out of this thing. We want quick summary and the deep dive summary. We want them as two separate items. So, it's really easy to map them to Air Table, right? If you take a look on the right, you'll see that quick summary and then deep dive. For the system prompt, again, very basic. We're just like, hey, you're an expert at content analysis. I want a quick summary and I want a deep dive summary. Right? Two to three sentences for the quick and I want you to give me the key information and then deep dive. That easy. Edit it as you wish. And that's it. Right? We also have the structured output parser which is just us giving it an example of how we want the items to look like when it's done. And then it's just air table. Right? We just go inside here and we're just mapping data. Right? I'm just dragging deep dive. I'm dragging quick summary. Same thing with all this other stuff. Title, creator, thumbnail, all that. All that's being taken from all these other um sections of the workflow over here. So, you could add more if you want, right? If there was more data from the statistic side that you wanted to push over here and see it mapped on air table, this is where you would do it. But like you saw before, once we run this, we then get this pretty Air Table setup, right? Title, creator, short, deep, all that stuff. And it's that simple, guys. Um, this air table is also really easy to set up. Um, over here on the left, if you just click this link, it'll take you to the template and you just copy the base and you're ready to go. And so that's it. I think it was a pretty simple automation, but often times these simple ones are what give you the most value, right? You don't get points for having a more complicated AI automation. And this is one I'm certainly going to be using basically every day going forward, right? Um, I'm kind of tired of just like randomly clicking through some creators pages that I like and seeing what happened or waiting on like subscription updates. I just want to have it all in one place with one report so I can easily figure out what I care about, what I don't, and get the information, right? I think that's what we all want to a certain degree. I'll watch some that interest me, but I don't have time for them all. I just don't. So, as always, you know, oh, real quick, almost forgot. If you want to edit this, like certain things, I know people would want to edit like, all right, well, I don't want just random ones for my niche. I want specific creators. You can play with that here, too. Just go to the ad options, and you have the ability to like break it down by channel ID and that sort of thing. So, you know, super customizable. You can pretty much do whatever you want with this. But that's all I got for you guys. As always, if you want the template, it's down there in the description. If you're looking for like, hey, I want to like make money in the space, run my own AI agency, check out Chase AI Plus. um get your first client, first 90 days of your money back, you know, not a bad deal. Um but as always, let me know what you thought about this. Drop something in the comments and I will see you guys

=== n8n Masterclass: Build and Sell AI Agents (Part 8 : Creating Your AI Agency) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBgDqiyXtQo

Hello and welcome to part 8, the final video of our NAND master class series. Now, I'm really excited for this episode because we're finally going to dive into how you can actually make money with all these AI agents and automations, right? How do you sell these things? Who do you sell them to? Where do you find clients? How do you price? How do you implement? All these questions we are going to go over today and what's going to be essentially a 20 to 30 minute AI agency crash course for you. Now, I know exactly what you're thinking. Chase, I just struggled through seven videos of how to build basic AI automations and agents. How could I possibly know enough to actually start selling these things now? Well, first, you know more than you think. Second, what you need now if you actually want to start making money with this is you need to start working on sourcing clients and you need to spend less time on actually building random AI agents and automations, right? You need to step away from YouTube tutorial hell. You don't need to spend the next hundred hours learning how to build random AI agents. You just need to focus on the ones that actually drive value and people actually want to buy. And in this video, I'm going to tell you exactly what those AI agents and automations are. Right? There's really only a handful that you need to master and learn how to build. And in many cases, people make entire careers off of just building one of them, right? So, you need to go deeper on the ones that matter and not get distracted on the edges like watching random YouTube videos on random automations that no one cares about wants to buy. Right? So, I'm going to tell you what you need to focus on in this video. I'm going to tell you how you can find clients. And as I show you these automations and agents, I think you'll start to see that well, we've actually touched on a lot of these things. And even the ones we haven't explicitly talked to, you've already dove into the different building blocks that once assembled look just like these AI agents in automation. So, you're farther along than you think. And I if you want to actually make money in the space, I think this lesson is for you. So, here's what we're going to talk about today. We're going to talk about what agents to sell, how you get clients, how to price these AI agents and automations, and then lastly, how do you actually implement it? Right? If you find someone who wants to buy from you, how do you actually give this to them? Because it's not as intuitive as you think. So, let's get started and jump right away into what you need to sell. So, here are the four types of AI solutions you need to master if you want to be able to make money, right? So, the four are rag agents, lead generation automations, voice agents, and content creation automations. Now, I'm going to show you examples of all four of these. I'm going to link you to videos of all four of these, and I have templates for all of these in my school. So, obviously, just go down below and click the link to get them. So, rag agents. First of all, you remember rag. We've already dived into it a little bit with pine cone. Now, what will that look like in terms of actual client level rag? Well, it's going to look something like this. Now, this obviously looks a little more complex than what we were working with before, right? We have superbase instead of pine cone, but long story short, this is essentially the same thing, right? We have our AI agent that's able to talk to our rag vector database. All you see here in the red, that's just a more robust data ingestion system. Right? Remember we had Google Drive that went into Pine Cone. Well, this is the same thing except it's Google Drive that goes into Superbase. And the only other thing that's happening along the way is we're just giving up some meta data like we're tagging the data. We're saying like, "Hey, you were part of this document and I put you in here at this date and this is your version, right?" Just to make it a little bit easier for looking things up. And we look at both PDF and text files. And lastly, we get rid of any like duplicates, right? So, looks scary at first, but really not too much extra going on. And then below here, alls we have is just a system that makes sure that hey, if I delete a file inside of my Google Drive, is it being deleted over there in the vector database? Well, this makes sure that is what is happening. So, just a little bit of like data cleanup. That's the only difference. And again, looks scary at first, right? There's a lot going on. There's a lot of color boxes, but really you've already done 80% of this. And this is the most popular AI agent. Why? Well, the reason it's the most popular is because you're taking essentially chat GPT and you're shoving it into somebody's business, right? It's now ChatGBT that's been trained on their files. It's part of their team. It knows what's going on in their project and now it can actually do things on their behalf. So the way you sell it and the way you pitch it is a rag agent is chat GPT plugged into your business and it can now act as a member of your team, right? It's trained on your stuff. It knows what's going on inside of your company and it can do things, right? And that's a pretty powerful tool when you think of it like that. So rag agents, they always sell well. They're very flexible and you can kind of put them wherever you want to, right? We did it inside of a chat window, but you could throw it inside of Slack. You could do something where it's on a web app sort of web page like we did with Lovable. Very, very flexible. You can do a million things with it. Next, lead generation automations. Now, why is lead generation automations such a good seller? Well, because it's easy to show the ROI, right? If I have an automation that says, I'm going to bring in more clients for you and clients equals money. Well, then it's kind of obvious that this is probably worth the price of admission, right? I'm getting you more clients, which leads you more money, therefore, give me some money, right? Like, that's kind of the pitch. That's almost what all the pitches really break down to. if you go really reductionist is that these things will give them money. Therefore, they should give you a little bit less money than what they will bring in. And lead generation agents do that very very well. Now, we haven't talked specifically to lead generation, but let's kind of like run through this at a high level. All we're doing is we're grabbing data from somewhere, right? We're getting some sort of lead generation, some sort of lead data, whether that's from scraping LinkedIn or getting it from a website like Apollo. But really, this front part, this is just essentially like an HTTP request, right? or an API right right here you're using an API you're doing an HTTP request asking for data from some outside source that's all that hap is happening and we've done that from there we then take that data that we got from the HTTP request right we're doing some filtering we're throwing inside of Google Sheets but what we're really doing is we're just doing some more research with it right we're giving it to AI that's what happens down here so you get some lead you get some information about a particular lead right an actual human being now it does research about that person's company, right? That's what's happening with Tavi. We used Tavi before. So, you've done research, you know, modules before. That's all that's happening. From there, we then combine all that information, write the company information and the individual lead, and we generate a custom outreach message. Again, you're just giving it to AI with a special system prompt. You've done all this before. From there, we then take all the data, we put it inside of a Google sheet, and then we upload it to Instantly AI. Again, just an HTTP request with an API. And instantly, AI is where all the actual cold outreach happens. So when we look at it, at first it looks scary. It looks like something completely different than what we've touched on before, but in reality, it's just HTTP request, HTTP request, and then we're just doing some sort of data analysis with AI, and you've done all of this. So between rag and lead generation, that's probably like 60% of what I do, 70%, right? matches too. You could literally make a living just off of getting really really good at rag 100%. So number three are voice agents. Now voice agents can again take a ton of forms. You could have voice agents that are also rag agents, right? That's cool thing about rag is it can essentially be a foundational piece of all these things. But voice agents, we're talking like 11 labs. We're talking like AI that is either a sales rep. So it's doing outbound calls or it's like a receptionist. is taking inbound calls and taking appointments and stuff. I just recently put out a video on the outbound piece if you want to dive into that, but we're able to do a lot on the NAN backend as well, right? And allow these agents that are making calls on the phone to then use NADN to do tool calls and do a bunch of different stuff kind of what you see here. And you're able to upload it into the CRM. Now, this again doesn't look like something we've touched on 1 through 7 on those videos, but when you break it down, all that's happening is it's web hooks, and we've touched on web hooks when it came with lovable, right? And just API calls, right? That's all that's really happening when you break it down. Now, is it going to be a little complicated at first as you deal with new, you know, web hooks and new API calls? Yes, of course. Of course. But the building blocks that create these sort of agents and automations that provide value, again, you know them. You aren't a hundred more YouTube tutorials away from learning them. You kind of just have to commit to the process that you've already started and deep dive on these important agents that people actually buy. So, voice agents, right? Voice agents, easy to pitch them because the value is rather obvious. I'm giving you an AI voice. I'm giving you an AI sales rep or an AI receptionist or something in between that works at all hours of the day. It's tied into your CRM and you pay it a small percentage of what you would pay a normal human. That's the pitch. Lastly, content automations, right? Every company wants to do some sort of social media content creation, right? Whether that's LinkedIn or short form videos or car carousels, right? This is part of their essentially marketing budget. But people don't want to put in the work for it because it is a lot of work to have a person doing all of your content. And for a lot of people, they're cool with just some sort of automated stuff that hits like LinkedIn or blog post or whatever, right? And that's where you come in. And you can very easily create content machines like this, right? This is something that's essentially just taking a niche that's given to it by the user. It does some research about it via Tavi. It adds an image that it creates with G Chat GPT and then it posts it. Right? That's all that's happening, right? You're just doing a little research. You're doing some sort of system prompt that's like, "Hey, this is what the company wants to sound like. You can add an AI created image if you want. Often times they don't even want one." And then you just post it. It's honestly extremely basic and easy. And everyone knows they need to be out there doing some sort of content play, right? But a lot of businesses just don't have the time or the bandwidth to do it. And again, that's where you come in. And so that's what you have to learn and that's what you sell, right? It's these four. It's some combination of these four. I know people who make a ton of money just doing voice agents, for example. So, you don't even have to really have all four in your back pocket. But the more you have, the better, the more flexible you are. And I will say these four encompass 90% of what I do. So, dive into these, kind of have some blinders on, master these foundational things. And as you saw, none of these are wildly complicated. They're really not, right? Just stick with the basics cuz the basics provide value and they solve problems. Now, let's talk about arguably the most important thing, and that's sourcing clients, right? How do I actually find people who will pay me for these stuff, right? Because you have could have the greatest automation, the greatest AI agent in the world, but if nobody knows about it, you're not going to get paid. So, this is really, really important, right? What are the different sales funnels? What are the different pathways I have to get people? Now, there's really four of them, right? Your worm network, that's like people you know, friends, family, co-workers who actually care about you, hopefully. Two is freelancing websites. Three is called outreach and four social media. All these require kind of slightly different plays and they all pay off at different times and they're all going to have different reach and they all require a little bit of different amount of work. So at the beginning you're not going to know which one you're good at either and you're not going to know like where gold lies for you because there's a lot of people who eventually just kind of stick to one of these, right? There's people who make their whole living off freelancing websites. I'm talking like freelancer Upwork. There's other people who are just like cold email machines. this is where they get all of your leads. Other people exclusively do social media, right? Like, but you don't know which one you are going to be good at and you don't know which one's going to make sense and bring in the most amount of money. So, at the beginning, what you have to do is you have to cast a very wide net, do a lot of volume and hit all four of these funnels and then over time see what works, what doesn't, what you like, right? What makes you not completely want to just like quit and then double down on that. So, let's kind of talk about them one at a time. Warm network, that's your friends and family. These are your co-workers. This is where you reach out to them and it is not a pushy play. You're just telling them, "Hey, my name is Chase. You know who I am, right? Like, I just started an AI agency. You know, really excited. I've been thinking about this for a while. I'm not asking to do anything for you, but I was wondering if you knew anybody who might need my work. Would love would love to be put in touch with them." Like that's it. Like super low threat, very very nonpushy, non-sales. like you're just telling people, "Hey, I just started an AI agency. Do you know anyone who might need some help?" Now, they're going to be able to read between the lines and be like, "Oh, if I need help, I'll ask him." But you're not even pushing that on them at all. Right? But this is scary for a lot of people because this is very outside their comfort zone. But you need to let people make the decision for themselves. Let your friends, let your family say no. Don't make don't say no for them, right? So, put yourself out there. And this is going to be the easiest way to get clients. It's going to be the easiest and fastest way to get clients off the bat because people will go out on lump for you if they don't totally hate you. So, you have to do this. This is the first play you do right away. Now, second way, freelancing websites. I'm talking about things like Freelancer and Upwork, right? This is where you actually make a profile and this is where you actually bid on jobs. Now, these sometimes get a bad rap because a lot of these websites also take a cut and you're competing against people and it doesn't always feel great. get over it. Honestly, you kind of have to just get over it, right? You don't have any clients and you are not in a place where you can turn your nose up at different funnels that can actually bring you money. And these are a great place for it. Now, why are these places awesome for it? Well, because the leads are right there, right? These are websites that have people who are willing to pay and they know what they want. And that's like 90% of your problem right now is you finding people who need need your work and are willing to pay. Well, they're right here. They're just waiting for you, right? You just have to go and get them and you have to apply at scale. I'm talking your first month of doing this, you should probably be putting out 50 to 100 applications. So, that's multiple applications a day. And your applications can't suck. And so, when it comes to these websites, big thing, you need to flesh out your profile. You need to have a profile picture. And you probably need to be doing like very personalized applications for each and every job. My suggestion, do video applications. People again will hate that. But guess what? You need to learn how to be able to articulate who you are, why they should care, and what your solution is going to be on camera. Because guess what you're going to do when you get on a call? You're going to need to articulate who you are, why should why people should care, and why they should use your product on camera. And this is a great way to do that, right? This is a great way to get reps cuz you're going to suck really, really bad at first until you don't. Lastly, cold outreach. This is email, right? And again, guess what we have here? We have lead generation automations that we are already selling people that we can also use ourselves, right? So, you need to figure out what your cold outreach program is going to be. My suggestion, use instantly, right? It's a really good program. Um, it's just instantly.ai. Everyone who's in my school gets 20% off because they hooked it up. But instantly is awesome. Basically, you're going to just use something like this that grabs people's names, emails, etc. or you're going to give them a custom message and then you're going to blast out a,000 to 2,000 emails every single month. Now, there aren't entire courses built on how to properly do cold email. I'm not going to go super deep into it now. I do in the school, but just know that's what you need to be doing, right? You need to be doing cold email outreach at scale because you just need to put your name out there because nobody knows you exist. And until they know you exist, you're not going to get paid. Now, lastly, social media. I'm not saying you need to get a camera, get on camera and show your face right away and start pretending you're any of your favorite creators, but you do need to lean into it because out of all these, social media has the greatest ROI, but it's the longest burn. So, compared to Warm Network, Warm Network right away has the smallest reach, but it's going to give you the most instantaneous results. Social media is exact opposite. It's going to be months until you probably get any inbound leads because of it. But once you do get that network, once you do get that brand, it's going to pay off immensely. Now, obviously, I'm biased in this respect, but you cannot sleep on social media. And you don't have to go in right away super super hard, right? Like, make it very low thread at first. Just post on like different websites and niches that you kind of want to reach out to, right? even if that's on places like Reddit or Facebook, you know, like slowly start engaging with these communities and then eventually take it a step up and start posting on LinkedIn. And then once you kind of get your feet under there, start doing more short form, right? You don't have to put your face out there, but you do need to figure out your social media strategy because in the long run, this is going to pay off more than any of the others or at least have the potential to. So that's how you find clients. warm network, freelancing, cold outreach, social media, each have different payoffs. I don't care if you don't want to do one of them. Do it at the beginning. You need a wide net and you need to figure out what you're good at because you don't know yet. All right, let's say you defeat the odds and you somehow actually get someone to talk to you, right? And they're willing to buy, believe it or not. You found a client, they want to buy. How the heck do you price them? So, what you're going to hear in a lot of places is what's kind of known as value pricing. So, it's like, "Hey, I'm talking with a client. I have an automation for them and they said this automation is going to save them $10,000. Well, you know, that's great. So, how about we just do some sort of like percentage. I'll take 30%, you pay me 3K, you walk away with. We're both happy. And a lot of people will preach that. You know, this is how you do your pricing. It varies based on consumer. It's value based, right? Um, but everyone's happy with it. Sounds great, doesn't work. I have yet to get a client that could actually articulate a monetary value for the problem they're facing with any amount of accuracy, let alone do it for things that are rather nebulous. And also, are they telling you the truth? It's a real question. So, valuebased pricing is um just this la nonsense that I have never seen. And maybe I just have bad clients and maybe people have these awesome clients that can actually articulate it and put a dollar amount on it that's accurate. I haven't. Also, enjoy that conversation when you talk about the value pricing deal of it and they tell you it's not saving them that much at all and then all a sudden you've been backed into a corner right off the bat where you can't even like really have a conversation about a price that makes sense for you. I just don't think value pricing works. I've never seen it in practice. Try it out. Maybe it will work for you. I don't think so. So, then we just get into this even worse area and the answer is it depends. Pricing is very much it depends. There is no playbook on the stuff in the AI agency space, right? There's no Kelly Blue Book for AI agents and AI automations. So, what you price is what you can get away with. And that means price as high as you possibly can. Let the market decide when enough is enough, right? Never charge the same thing for the same automation twice. You should always charge more the second time. And just keep doing that until you hit a wall. And once you hit a wall, that is the market telling you, "Hey, you're charging way too much and no one wants to buy it." So that also is a great in theory. What does that actually mean in practical terms, Chase? Like can you actually put a dollar amount on that? Well, I think it's going to depend on your situation. If you are dying and you need money now, right, you have no clients and you're struggling, what I would suggest you charge for each of these automations, right, would be somewhere in the 25, anywhere between like the 2 to 5k range. two to 5K like you're struggling, you need clients. The other bucket is like I'm doing okay. I have little money coming in. I don't like need this or I can't eat. I would do 35 to 7K. That's your range. And then if you're doing well, you can push away clients 5 to 10k a pop for each of these, right? And that range is rather large because it's also going to depend on, hey, not all rag agents are the same. They're going to want different integrations. Basically, how much of a pain in the butt is it going to be for you, right? How much time do you think it's going to take you to actually complete this? How much of a pain in the butt is the client going to be right off these first couple conversations? Price that in, right? So that range is kind of like your quality of life. And so that's how you should kind of bucket pricing, right? And and why the ranges are what they are. Now, in terms of the pricing structure, 50% upfront, 50% upon completion. Um, that's pretty standard. In terms of retainers, I offer a retainer, I would say, of 10% of the total cost per month. And the pitch is I'm here for troubleshooting and I'm here for minor changes. Now, you're going to give them a product no matter what that works when you leave and you get that final 50% payment, but if they want you around for troubleshooting and all these little things, like they got to pay extra per month. So, that's how that works. So that's how you price it. It's nebulous. It depends. It doesn't feel good. It is what it is. Price as much as you can. Get as much money as you can. So that brings us to our fourth and final step, which is how do you implement this, right? All right. So you somehow managed to get a client. They actually agreed to your price. They signed on the dotted line. Now, how do you actually give them this product? How do you actually build it? Well, what you need to do is you need to go on an onboarding call right away. Right after they sign it, get them on a call. And what you're going to do is you're going to walk them through building everything, right? So, you're going to have them go on to NADN. They're going to create an account, whether that's through self-hosting or otherwise, and they're going to put their name on it. They're going to put all their billing under their name, and then they're going to give you the login credentials because you do need the login credentials cuz you are going to build these things on their instances. What you cannot do is create your own nan instance like this own rag thing I have, and then sell access to that to somebody else. that is a violation of NADN's fair use policy. So, you can't do that unless you're paying for the enterprise program, which you probably aren't. So, you need to build it on their instance. So, hey, what about security? They shouldn't be giving you their password is what it is. That's how you have to do it. And then from there, you're just going to go through and you're going to do the same thing for everything. So, if this was a rag agent, we would then go on to Superbase, right? We go to superbase.com. He would sign up. He would put his billing on there. He would give me the credentials, right? Same thing with OpenAI. Now, there's certain things you could do like Google. Perhaps they aren't comfortable giving you their Google credentials, and they probably shouldn't be. Well, what you'll do is you'll just go onto the NN instance you created with them, add some modules like the Google ones, and you're just going to go through the credential process with them and have them connect it right then and there. Right? This is a pain in the butt. It's going to take 20 to 30 minutes, but it's going to save you a huge headache at the end because the ideal is that once I'm finished with this, I am one message away from being like, "Hey, it's done. Here you go." Right? You don't want to deal with all this stuff on the back end. You want to get it done upfront right away because it's also a good thing for the client, right? It gives them some security because you can't just take your ball and go home at any point in time, right? They own everything. It's in their name. So, this is good for both of you and just get it done right off the bat. So onboarding call, all the billing goes in their name. All APIs, everything is their name. Push it to them, right? Nothing should be in your name. And then the credential handover, like I talked about, it just makes it super easy once everything is complete. And so that's how you actually implement these solutions for the client. And that's how the whole process goes from beginning to end. And so that was your 20 minute or so AI agency crash course. What did we just cover? Told you what to sell, right? rag content creation. We're doing voice agents and we're doing lead genen. How to source clients, warp network, cold outreach, freelancing websites and social media. How to price price as much as you can. How to implement everything in their name. Easy handover. That's pretty much 80% of it. Now, we could deep dive this way way more and as you should because there's a whole lot that we didn't cover. There's a whole lot in between the lines and and there's a whole lot of like, okay, that's what I'm supposed to do. Ow. Right? How do I write that cold email? How do I do my proposal? How how do I what are the practical steps? Well, here's my quick pitch for Chase AI, the Chase AI plus community. I dive into all this, right? I have a 90-day essentially set of lessons that go day by day, which take you from step zero all the way to landing your first client. And landing the first client is actually the guarantee on the Chase AI Plus community. Right? If you don't get your client within 90 days, full refund. So, that's the pitch and pretty much we cover everything I just covered in here, but in great great detail. So, check it out if this is something you actually want to do. Um, if not, hey, hopefully this was enough to get you started, right? And, you know, this concludes the master class. And again, you might still feel very overwhelmed and that's totally normal, but I promise you, you actually know way more than you think now. Way more than you think, right? you really are on the verge of being able to turn around and sell this stuff to people because the actual money-making part of this has a lot less to do with AI and a whole of a hell lot more to do with the actual business fundamentals and sales fundamentals that we just covered. But in terms of the AI stuff, you actually are farther along than you think. So, um, yeah, let me know what you think in the comments. Good luck. Check out the community if you want to dive more into the AI agency bit of this and I'll see you

=== This $5000 AI Voice Agent Replaced My Sales Team (n8n + No Code) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYDCiJCgjEE

Voice AI agents are one of the hottests selling AI solutions in the world right now and for good reason. They're able to do inbound calls and outbound calls, mimic sales reps and receptionists, and do all this at scale for pretty cheap. And that sort of value ad has caused the AI voice agency niche to balloon to over a billion dollar industry in a really short amount of time. But up until now, creating sophisticated AI voice agents that are actually good, that worked, that had some personalization was kind of tricky. You had to manage a huge tech stack that didn't always want to play nice with each other. And on top of that, some of the voice quality just wasn't there yet. But with some upgrades to a few of the premier voice applications like 11 Labs, that's begun to change. We've been able to shrink the text stack while creating very effective voice agents. And you can do all this with virtually no code. And that creation process is what I'm going to show you today. I'm going to show you how to create sophisticated AI voice agents from start to finish. tie them inside an actual CRM ecosystem so you can turn around and actually sell these to people. And I'm going to show you how to set up this entire voice agent from start to finish. We're going to give it a phone number through Twilio. We're going to go inside 11 Labs and actually set up our voice agent. We're going to build our NAND infrastructure on the back end like you see here. And then I'm going to show you where CRM fits into all this because if you want to actually sell these for real, this data needs to go somewhere. And every business is going to have a different CRM. So, we can't go through every possible iteration of what this will look like, but for our case, we're going to go through Air Table. And Air Table is nice because you can take all this data and you can make nice little dashboards. And guess what sells well? Dashboards. Everybody loves dashboards. So, we're going to show you pretty much the beginning to end how we can package this all nicely so you can present the value it provides to anybody. So, here's how I'm going to run this video. First, I'm going to take you through a highle overview of the tech stack and how this all works both from an inbound call side and an outbound call side because those two things differ. Then once you understand how this all works conceptually, then we're we're going to go through everything one step at a time. We're going to go to Twilio. We're going to get that phone number. We're then going to set up our sort of CRM flow because our use case for today is going to be creating essentially an outbound sales rep, right? You run a company, you have some sort of inbound lead who fills out some sort of form, and this voice AI agent is going to get to work, calling that lead, getting their information, sending it back to you, and even setting up a one-on-one meeting. And with that use case in mind, we're going to build out the 11 Labs and NAN infrastructure, all while keeping in mind various CRM tie-ins. But first, let's go through a demo. Okay, for this demo, we're pretending we are some sort of lead that's filling out some sort of form for your company. In this case, I'm saying, "I'm Chase Hey again. Here's my email. Here's my phone number and I'm requesting more information about some sort of service, right? I want this company to build me a voice AI agent. So, when this lead submits the form, that form is then going to populate inside of Air Table. Remember, Air Table's basically like Google Sheets. And then that's going to trigger the 11 Labs voice agent to call me and get some more information, actually qualify me. So, I'm going to hit submit. And then in real time, we're going to wait for the phone call to actually happen. I'm going to show you my phone and then we'll listen to my conversation. So, we hit submit. We can go to view data. We can see what the data actually looks like. And let's wait for that call. Okay, here's the phone call and I'll put it on speaker. >> Hi Chase, this is Sarah from Chase AI. I'm reaching out to follow up on your interest in our Voice AI agent service. Hey sir, how's it going? >> Great, thank you. To make sure we fully understand your vision, I just have three quick questions. First, could you tell me a little more about the core problem you're hoping to solve with this AI agent? What does a successful outcome look like for your business? >> Yeah, I'd like a voice AI agent that can essentially qualify leads for me. So, it'll take in some sort of intake form and then call them and qualify them instead of a meeting. That sounds like a perfect use case for our custom AI agents. Second, to help us scope the project correctly, do you have a rough budget range in mind? It's perfectly fine if it's just an estimate. >> Yeah, my budget's $20,000. >> And finally, what is your ideal timeline for getting a solution like this implemented? >> As soon as possible. >> Thank you. That's all incredibly helpful. Based on what you've described, this is definitely the kind of project our team excels at. The next step would be a complimentary discovery session with one of our lead AI strategists. Would you be open to scheduling that? >> Yeah. Yeah, you can go ahead and schedule that for me. >> Perfect. I'll send a calendar link to your email so you can pick a time that works best. We're looking forward to digging into this with you. >> All right, sounds great. Thanks. Okay, that was the call. Um, usually the call actually happens a little faster, but even though it was a little delayed, at least from what I've seen before, it took about what 15 seconds or so from the time we filled out the form to where it actually executed it. And you might have just saw right there on the left, we actually had some more executions happening on the back side. So, let's see if it actually sent me an email, too, like kind of following up and wanting to actually set up that meeting. It is. Here's the email. Hi Chase. Below is the calendar link. And then obviously this is a fake calendar link. But what you saw right there was from form submission to lead qualification to meeting set up. All automated in basically a minute. Now you might quibble about, hey, I don't like how the voice agent sounded or I didn't like the voice or I'd like it to do something differently. That's all customizable, right? But what we saw here is like the system in place that you are able to tweak to get it to be whatever you want. But like that was a pretty lean and pretty quick outbound calling voice agent that actually got a lot done, right? Qualified the lead, talked to them right away. Like it's a huge thing in sales to like when someone submits a form like that to get back to them, the longer you wait, the harder it is to actually make them a customer. And we did all that instantly. So let's take a little deeper dive of what sort of data we collected. Right? We had the call and you see up here that some of the information came from the form, right? first name, last name, email, phone number, service requested. But what else did we get here? Well, we got a call summary. So, it gives us a quick little blur about, hey, what was actually talked about on this call. We get the actual lead status. We consider a lead to be qualified if they want to have a meeting. Gave us sort of a budget range, timeline. We also have the full transcript, right? Agent, user, agent, user, all of that. We then have a voice opener section. So, this is the personalized opening line from the agent where it says their first name and then it follows up about the service they did and this is AI generated inside of Air Table and we'll get into that a little bit later and then just someone created and last modified stuff. So, that's what's happening. That's what we're pulling from the call, right? So, we have all that data in one place. We can then turn that into some sort of dashboard when we have more data and then it followed up with the actual email. So now let's jump into kind of a highle overview of what you just saw and what's happening behind the scenes because I think it's really important to internalize this because there is actually a lot going on and even though the tech stack has shrunk lately, we're still looking at you know kind of four different services all working in harmony and from the outbound voice agent. This kind of just takes us through one step of a time of everything that happened, right? And as we go from outbound voice agent to inbound voice agent and how personalization occurs and also when you start thinking about well like what happens when I'm using a different CRM air table it is vital that you understand how it's working right you can't just be you know a YouTube tutorial monkey who's copying me step by step without really figuring out okay like how is this working and why so let's understand before we build now first things first what is the tech stack we'll be using well there's four things that you actually saw in action there in that demo Twilio, 11 Labs, and Editen. So, Twilio is a service we are going to be using to give it a phone number, right? It needs to call me. It needs a telephone number. And also, if you're doing inbound, it needs a phone number for you to call as well, right? So, we're going to be using Twilio for that. We set up an account. We're going to give it somewhere between like probably $20 5 to 20 bucks of credit. And then we actually have to buy a phone number. Buying a phone number costs like a dollar a month. So, it's not going to break the bank. Then, we have AI Voice. So the program doing the heavy lifting with the voice is 11 labs, right? They have a number of subscriptions. You can start with $5 a month which will be fine as you're doing testing and then you can slowly ramp up. Then we have naden which is kind of the back end. You saw that um with kind of this this is all the backend stuff that's happening and we'll dive into this a little bit into more detail in a second. And whoops and then we have air tableable right and remember air table for this video is just a standin for any sort of CRM. If you are building these for clients, they probably won't be using Air Table. They might be using Google Sheets. They might be using HubSpot. Whatever. You are going to have to figure out a way how to integrate the data that you pull in from your calls into that CRM. But but the nice thing about Air Table is you're able to kind of build out these dashboards like I mentioned before and you can pretty much sell this as also like a custom CRM system, right? Because it sort of is like you're immediately ingesting customers. you're getting their data, you're displaying it on a dashboard, plus you're doing all those voice AI agent things. So, you actually have the ability when you show up with kind of Air Table in your back pocket and this whole thing of being like, "Hey, I'm giving you voice agent and a CRM. So, I'm going to charge you a little more and people will pay for that." And luckily for you, I'm giving you all of this, right? Remember, I'm giving you the templates for NADN. I'm going to give you the uh uh the system prompt for 11 Labs. And I'm going to give you links for all the air tableable templates so you can just turn around and use this yourself. All right, now let's talk about the outbound voice agent and sort of like what we just went through. So, and the tools involved. So, the lead fills out the form, right? That's all CRM. From there, the data gets sent to the CRM, in this case, Air Table. Now, the big difference between the outbound voice agent and the inbound voice agent is kind of like what kicks this all off naturally. So that CRM upload from the form is going to trigger that voice call and actually gets a little more detailed than that. If we look at this, the actual trigger is going to be this voice opener being created. So this voice opener inside of Air Table is actually using AI. So it takes in that form submission of like naming what they want and it creates using AI this sort of opener for us, right? So, it's always going to be dynamic and it's always going to be personalized. Once this voice opener is created, it then triggers the call because and that trigger is technically based on this last modified thing which only populates when this does. So, that kind of confused you. Just know when this form gets filled out, the call occurs right right away. And that call involves Air Table, right? The CRM doing the trigger. It involves 11 Labs and it involves NAN. Now, let's dive into this because this portion is actually important and can become rather confusing if we don't really understand this before we build, right? Because it took me a little while to get my head wrapped around it. So, the trigger right right here, this outbound call, that's the trigger, right? This is, hey, this is Air Table saying, "Hey, this this form got filled out. Execute the call." And this sends an API call to 11 Labs. So, it triggers it, tells 11 Labs, hey, go make the phone call, right? make make the phone call. If we dive into here, you'll see what we're passing, right? We're doing agent ID, agent phone number, and I'll we'll talk about this in more detail, but it's passing the actual phone number from that form for it to execute the call. Now, what's important to understand is this this fetch initiation client data. Now, what the heck is going on here? What what does that mean? If we want this voice agent to be effective, it needs to be personalized, right? It needs to be able to grab data about the client as the call happens, and it needs to be fast. So let's remember that call that happened not too long ago right when it called me. What happened was when it called me between the time it sent the call and the time I picked up basically instantly this occurred this fetch client data and what happened was is it went into air table right and it grabbed all the information about the person it was calling and once it grabbed all the information about that person it then sent it back to the voice agent so it could use it on the call. So fetch initiation client data happens at the beginning of every call and it allows the voice agent to go inside our CRM grab all the important information all the personal information about that particular person right based on their phone number so it can then personalize the call and that's really really important right for this sales agent it's pretty basic name and what they want but think about it on the inbound call side right imagine you have some repeat customer that's calling in and right away your voice agent grabs all the information about how long have they been with us, what was their last pain point, how valuable are they as a customer, right? You can have all of this ingested by the voice agent instantly at the beginning of every single call and it's done using this. So the CRM upload triggers the voice call. We grab all that personal information, all that personalized data. We send it to our voice agent and then the call happens. Right? In this case, the lead is qualified on the call. That's pretty basic. That's just going to be a function of the system prompt inside of 11 lounge where we tell the voice agent, hey, here's how I want you to conduct the call. here's what information I want you to grab, etc. And then we have some post call stuff, right? We're going to take the transcript, we're going to parse it for data, we're going to upload it to the CRM, and then we have our follow on actions. And those follow-on actions you saw were, hey, let's send an email to them and get them set up with some sort of calendar week. So, that's what's happening here in the red and the post call data plus scheduling. So, this is a web hook that triggers whenever the call ends. So the call instantly ends and we'll be able to see some of the data that's passed. There's a ton of data that's passed. Essentially, the entire conversation is passed. Right from here, we have the one bit of code we use, which is just a simple block of code that goes through here and pulls out the transcript in its entirety and just formats it nicely. Right? All this information here is in here on the left. We just want to format it so it looks pretty inside of our CRM. Next, we send it to a large language model which actually analyzes the call. So in this case, right, we're for Chase AI, we want to pull out certain things like the timeline and the budget and that's all specified here. So we feed the AI the full transcript and we say, "Hey, get me the pertinent information and I want you to break it out into certain items." So then I can go ahead and map it to my CRM. So then we update it and then over here we check, hey, did we qualify the lead? If so, grab their email, send them that email with a calendar link. That's what's happening on the back side. And so that is the general outbound flow. I know we spent a lot of time with that and you're probably like, I've already been in this video for like 15 minutes. I haven't built a damn thing. It's important to get this at the front end, right? The more we understand this, the easier the build will be and the easier it will be for you to customize this and actually use it for real. And so back to the tech stack for a second, where does it all fall? Just understand Naden is pretty much the glue, right? Everything kind of flows through Naden. We have information from the CRM that we want to push to the 11 Labs voice agent. We have information we get on the call from the voice agent that we want to send to our CRM. And NADN is sort of that middleman that makes it all kind of flow, right? It's the clue. Now, today's video is going to be focused on outbound voice agents, but I just want to talk about inbound voice agents real quick and kind of some of the differences just so you understand. We will have the follow- on videos that dive into inbound stuff, but in case you're kind of wondering, hey, what's the difference? Let's talk about it very briefly, right? It's a little bit simpler because the trigger is from the outside, right? Someone just calls in which is going to trigger the 11 Labs to take the call. The voice agent conducts the call. Now, this is one part that can be a little more complicated than the inbound because what you're doing on that call when it's inbound may be somewhat sophisticated, right? You maybe imagine you're receptionist. So, I need to pull in perhaps, you know, a lot more data about that customer, right? Like, what was sort of items are they talking about? Are they talking about warranties? Are they doing returns? Are they doing appointments? There might be a lot of tools I need to call on that call. And you might see something like this sort of infrastructure being used, right, for the inbound calls. But after that, it's pretty much the same. You're going to parse the data. You're going to upload it to CRM and there'll be follow-on actions, whatever that may be. So, let's finally start diving into building. We now understand the stack we need to attack. We understand how everything's going to be working. And so, what we're going to do now is we're going to go to Twilio and we're going to go get our phone number. Right? So, you're going to go to twilio.com. You're going to create an account and then you're going to go to your dashboard. Your dashboard is then going to look something like this. You are going to need your upgrade your account. Like I said, just throw it like 20 bucks. Then you're going to go into phone numbers. You're going to go to manage and then you're going to go to active numbers. And here you'll see a list of your numbers. You are going to go to buy a number on the top right. And here you're going to pick your number to buy. You're going to have to do some sort of ID verification. Really just ask for like your name and your address. It's pretty simple. And once you do that, you're pretty much done. Just go back here to active numbers and just have that number handy because you have to be feeding it into 11 laps. All right, so that part was pretty easy. So now let's go ahead and build our voice agent. So you're going to log in in the top right or create an account. You're going to see some page like this. You're going to go to the left where it says agents. And this is where we are going to build out our AI agent. But first thing I want you to do is let's actually hook up our telephone number. So go to the bottom left, go to phone numbers under telephone. You're going to go to import number. Now, if you're using Twilio, it's super easy. You're just going to do from Twilio. If you're using some other phone provider to add a number, they're going to have some sort of SIP trunk documentation for doing that. So, if you aren't using Twilio, just go to your phone provider of choice and look up their documentation to adding numbers to an external party with the SIP trunk functionality. But for this, we're using Twilio. And here, just call it whatever you want. You're going to give it a phone number and then you're going to give it your Twilio account SID. Now, to find that, just go back to Twilio, go to your dashboard, and you can find your account SID and your O token right here. So, just copy and paste those into this section of 11 Labs once you import it. All right, next we're going to go to agents and we're going to create a new agent. So, you're just coming to the top right, hit new agent. We can just call it business agent. Now, it's going to give you a bunch of options and this makes you feel nice like, oh my gosh, I already have a pre-built one. Eh, not really. Honestly, it just changes a few default settings and we're going to edit them all anyway. So, just choose whatever you want. We can do retail and commerce and we'll do outbound sales. So, we can call this whatever we want. We'll call this guy um it hates it honestly when you are in dark mode, so you're not going to be able to see my text. Um but yeah, that's what's happening. So, we're going to do create agent. And this is now our interface for editing our agent, right? give you the ability to choose the languages, add additional languages, do messages, but what we care about at the beginning is going to be this system prompt. Now, 11 Labs actually has their own prompting guide. And that prompting guide looks like this. If you just Google uh 11 Labs prompting guide, best practices, it'll give you this and they kind of go through the six building blocks of what makes a good guide. Now, we are going to be doing an outbound agent. You might be doing something slightly different. So, what I want you to do is I want you to copy this page. You're then going to go to your AI of choice. You're going to paste all that documentation into it. And then you're going to say, "Hey, here's the documentation for the 11 Labs system prompt. I'm trying to build a system prompt that does this." And then it's going to spit it out for you, and that's what you're going to use. And so, what you see here for mine is I just tell it, "Hey, you're Sarah. You're an AI assistant from Chase AI. Your goal is to gather project details." It goes into like how to talk, how to qualify, detail gathering, the close, blah blah blah blah blah. I will have this linked inside the school. So, you can just copy and paste this if you want to follow along. Exactly. But this is just where you put what you want it to do and how you want the call to go. Pretty simple. We'll dive into dynamic variables in a bit. Large language model. This is where you give it an actual large language model. Now, you might be thinking, isn't this hooked up to to NAND, which in some cases also has a whole large language model infrastructure? Yes, as an aside, the 11 Labs and NAN like integration understand that 11 Labs also has its own AI working, right? But you can also connect Nadn and NAN becomes essentially like a tool call of 11 Labs. So your voice agent almost has like two brains that it can use a different one each time. Normally it's going to use its own native brain, right? And that makes it faster. When 11 Labs is working on its own AI, it's quicker, less latency. But sometimes we need the power of N in the background to do things, right? Sophisticated tool calls like really diving into databases that is extremely powerful and you often times need it. Just understand that adds a bit of latency every time we're going another layer deep. So it kind of has two brains. If that's confusing, kind of think of it that way. But choose whatever LLM you want. It gives you the prices. I just use 2.5 flashlight. It's good enough. Temperature, that's basically how creative you want it to be. If you're using something like an assistant or something like this, you probably want it to be fairly deterministic, right? I don't want it to go off the rails. Agent knowledge base. So, you can add an actual like documents to this essentially like a mini rag system, right? You can actually give it a website URL too. So, for me, I just put in the website URL of my company. So, that becomes part of its knowledge base. If anyone asks questions about Chase itself, it can reference that. Then we have different tools down here, right? You can give it the ability to end the call, right? You can click that if you want. It can detect the language and use multiple languages. And then you'll see down here it has the ability to like transfer to agent and transfer to number. So we could set up multiple agents, right? Perhaps you had an agent um that's a little more specialized for certain situation. Well, we could give this main AI agent the ability to pass a call to them, right? And that's what would happen here. Same thing with transfer to a number to actually a human, right? You could have some sort of thing in the system prompt that says, "Hey, tell the person at the beginning of the call if they ever want to be transferred to a human to just say, I want to talk with the human." And that could be a trigger to transfer to a different phone number, right? And that sort of tool call is built in here as well. Then we have some other stuff. We're not going to touch that today. Um, next you have the voice. So, you can go ahead in here and you can test all the different voices you want. There's literally thousands. You can do custom voices. You can clone your own voice, right? That's also a nice little upsell for clients saying, "Hey, you want this voice to be in your be just like you? Well, I'll set it up. Just, you know, don't be exting, [Music] right? And the biggest one's going to be the fetch initiation client data web hook and the post call web hook. Right? This is really important. These web hooks correspond to these web hooks. Right? The fetch initiation client data and the post call data plus scheduling. So we are going to set those up in a minute. And then they also have enable burst thing. This allows you to go over your limits if you must. Um add that as you wish. All right. Now, what I want you to do is make sure you saved any changes you made real quick. Go to phone numbers. I want you to click on the phone number that you've added in and I want you to assign it to the correct agent. Right? In this case, it's support agent for me. Make sure you do that and save. Then go back to your agent. So, now is the part where we are going to start building out the end back end. And so, what you need to do now is I want you to go to the school, the link's down below, download the template, upload it. So, you should get something like this because we're going to build out the same exact thing for you and it's much quicker when you have everything ready to go. The school and the template also give you links to the Air Table templates. So, set that up as well. If you've never used Air Table before, you can use a free account, but you will essentially have an entire template set up just like me. It will be blank, but you also have the form stuff. So, you can essentially follow along with the exact same infrastructure I'm using from this point forward. So, we're going to start just by demoing some outbound calls to your phone number. So, right now, those outbound calls are conducted via the Air Table trigger, but let's keep it really simple first, and we're just going to have it do it manual so I can show you what it's like having this AI just call you, which is kind of super weird at first, right? So, just do a manual trigger. Put this in here. I want you then to click on the outbound call and yours is going to look like this, right? Post URL. It's going to show the outbound call API in there from the template. Now, what you are going to have to do is you need to set up your authentication first with 11 Labs if you've never done that before. So, you're going to go to authentication up here. You're going to go to generic credential type. Click that. For generic O type, go to header off and then you're going to create a new credential and you're going to put in the information for 11 Labs. Now, how do you find that information? Go back to 11 Labs. Come down to the left. Go to settings. Sorry. Go down to the bottom left where your name is. You're going to go click on that uh arrow, go to API keys, and then you're going to create a new API key. So, just going to Yeah, sure. I don't You don't need to restrict the key. So, we're going to create and then you're going to see this. So, you're going to copy this. You're going to go inside of here. You're going to put that as the val. You're going to paste that in for the value. And then for the name, you're going to put this. It's going to be XI- API key dash. So XI- API-K. So Xi- API- key. And then down here, you just paste in your API key. Hit save and you'll be connected. Now, I suggest you rename it to something. So every time you want to connect to 11 Labs, you can just use that one. So I already have an 11 Lab, so I'll be using mine. But that's how you connect your account. All right. Once you've connected your account, we then need to fill out the JSON body we're sending because we need to tell it the ID of the agent we're using. We need to tell it the phone number we're using. And then we need to give it a number to actually call. So, let me show you where to find all that. So, for the agent ID, go back to 11 Labs. We're going to go to agents. So, if you got lost there, you're going to go up to the top, hit conversational AI, then go to agents on the left, find your agent that you're using, and then up here, just click on that. That's the agent ID. If you click it, it automatically copies it. So then you just come into here, paste that in there. For the agent phone number, it's the same sort of deal. We're going to go down to the left of phone numbers. You're going to find your phone number. You're going to copy that ID. Come back into here. Paste it in there. Now the two number, right? We had this mapped to um our a table air table trigger, but for this, right, we're just doing a test to kind of demo how this all works. I want you to put in your own phone number. So that requires you to also do the area code. So, if you don't know what that is, just look up your country code. If you're in the US, it's going to be plus one and then your phone number. And then what I want you to do is go back to 11 Labs real quick. Let's make sure we have everything set up. So, I'm with my agents. I'm at my support agent. Go to security. Come down here. We're going to um have this uncllicked for now. So, don't have this clicked. And then the one other thing I want you to change is we'll go to agent. And right now for the first message, mine says voice opener. So that's a variable, but we aren't passing the variable right now. So I'm just going to have it say, "Hello, how's it going?" Now that the first message is set up, let's actually go back to security. I know I have us bouncing around a little bit. And we're going to set up the post call web hook as well. So what we're going to demo is manually calling us. And then we're going to see all that data sent to this web hook so we can do some, you know, data manipulation on the transcript. Now, to get that web hook set up, we're going to go back to our 11 Labs. Remember, you should have have the template ready to go now. And you're going to go to the post call data and scheduling. So, we're going to click on this web hook. So, once you're inside here, I want you to go to production URL. I want you to copy that. This should be set to post. Uh path will remain the same. Authentication none. Respond will be immediately. You don't have to have it to raw body. I was messing with some stuff. Then I want you to go back to 11 Labs. So once inside here, you'll go to select web hook. You'll go to create web hook. You're going to put in your web hook that you just copy pasted. You can call it whatever. And it's going to be set to HMAC. And then you're going to do create. Right? It's going to give you a web hook secret. You can ignore that for now. But you should now have a web hook in there that matches this production one. All right. So save it. Come back to here. back out of here. Make sure you have this set. You make sure you have this saved and set to active. And we're just going to go ahead and we're going to sever this for now because this is just to show you what the call kind of looks like, right? We're mainly doing the call and we just want to look at sort of the transcription data. So, sever that connection. Save this. Now, we can actually have it call us. So, I want you to go back into here to the 11 Labs outbound call. So, everything should be set like we talked about. It's got the correct URL. We've been authenticated and we've passed the correct information. The Asian ID, the Asian phone number ID, and our actual two number. And so now, let's actually have it call us. So, just hit execute step. Here's the phone call. Slide to answer. >> Oh, how's it going? >> Hey, what's up? >> Great. Thank you. To make sure we fully understand your vision, I just have three. >> All right. Call completed. Very cool. But let's take a look at what happened over here with the web hook. Now to see that, we're just kind going to go to executions. So here we are inside of executions. We can see the two green check marks right here. So let's actually see what happened. So if I click inside the web hook and I go to JSON, we see, hey, it passed us a bunch of data, right? We have the message, the actual transcript, and if we go down to the bottom, there's a lot of interesting variables that we care about here, right? Like the IDs, the caller ID, the number, the date, the time, all that stuff. And then the actual code block properly transcribed, everything, right? Agent, how's it going? Hey, what's up? Great, thank you. Cool. So, with that, what you've seen in action now is the outbound call API and the post call data API, right? So, we're able to make calls. We're able to get information about the calls. All right. Now that we have demoed that our AI agent is able to make outbound calls, it's able to have a conversation with us where it sticks to its script. We give it in the system prompt and we're able to have the web hook properly trigger where we can get all the transcript information. It becomes time to begin threading in all that CRM information so we can personalize the outbound calls and so we can take all the data we gather at the end and push it to that same CRM infrastructure. So, if you haven't done it already, I want you to go inside of Air Table and I want you to set up the template I gave you. And this is what it should look like. First name, last name, email, phone number, etc., etc. I want you to now go to forms. Should look like this. You're going to come up to the top right. You'll go to open. And we are going to go through this together and fill it out. So, I want you to just do your first name, your last name, the email, do the phone number. Now add that area code. If you were doing this for real with a real form, you would kind of have that built in. And then do your service requested, right? Submit it. Go back to your data. And now you should have some of the basic data filled out, right, for your CRM. Now let's go back to NAN and let's start pushing some of this data through. So, first let's make sure this Air Table trigger works. So, I'm going unpin this data. You need to connect your Air Table account. So, you're going to go credential to connect with. Go to create new credential. If you've never done an Air Table setup before, just go to open docs right here and follow the instructions for doing it. You're going to do the using personal access token. Just go through this step by step. It takes 2 minutes. Once you do that, you'll save it. For the poll times, you're going to do every minute and then you're going to give it your base URL and your table URL. So the base URL is you are just going to copy paste everything to here. So it will say airtable.com/app and then a bunch of numbers and letters. That is the base. And then the table URL is going to be everything else up to the question mark. So if you have like a question mark at the end that says like blocks equals hide like mine does for uh for whatever reason. Ignore that. It's going to be everything else. Right? So that's the table URL. Copy that. Paste it into here. Trigger field is going to be last modified. And that's going to be it. Now real quickly about air table. Like I said we filled out first name, last name, email, phone number, voice agent. So service requested. Over here on the right you have a created a last modified and the voice opener. The voice opener itself this is an AI block. So if I click in here and go to edit field you will see that we actually have it hooked up to 4.1 mini with custom instructions right and the way this works is when those first few fields are populated we have it set with this set of instructions this prompt to create this. When this is created, it then populates this last modified field. Because if we go to the last modified field, we will see it's only looking at specific fields. The voice I'll move this. This last modified field is looking at specific fields, the voice opener. And if we go inside of NAND, we have the trigger field as the last modified field. It's a air table thing where the trigger field has to be either a created field or last modified time field. But once you have that set, I want you to fetch test event and you should get everything populated, right? First name, last name, all that stuff. I want you to pin that data once it populates. I want you to connect this. You can get rid of this manual trigger. I want you to go to inside the outbound call. I want you to scroll down to the two number and I want you to map the phone number to here. Right? By doing so, you have now set up your entire outbound trigger infrastructure. Every time that form field gets created because some new person put in a lead, it's going to dynamically figure out what that phone number is and initiate the call, right? So, we're not going to initiate it right now, but if you just went through that form thing again, it would call you, right? Which is great and all, but we we're going to do a little bit more first. So, that's that. Next, let's set the fetch initiation client data piece. So to do that, let's go back inside of 11 Labs. We are going to go to security again. You're going to go to fetch initiation client data from web hook. You're going to click this, right? I'll delete this one for now. We're going to go to add web hook. And same thing as before, we're going to put in that web hook data. So back to Nitn, click on this web hook. I'll unpin this data. Go to production. Copy. Come in here, paste it. This needs to be set to post. This needs to set to post, but make sure this is using respond to web hook node. Okay, you're going to add the web hook and make sure this is selected. You're going to save it. We're then going to go to agent. We're going to get rid of this first message. I want you to do double curly brackets voice opener. It's going to look like this. double curly brackets voice and then opener. That's going to mean the first message the outbound agent sends is going to be a variable. And that variable is the custom message. All right, that's different for every person. That's why it's a variable. Next, I want you to scroll down. You can save this dynamic variables. This is going to pop up and it's not going to let you save it. For voice opener, just put a place folder value. Say hi, hey, what's up? This just means if you were doing test AI agent, that's what it would use. This should be selected as well. And I want you to save. Next, I want you to go to the air table sections here and connect those accounts. And you shouldn't have to edit anything here. The only thing you are going to need to edit here is make sure your base and your table match. So the base is for me is voice agents and inbound leads, right? Voice agent is the base and the table is the inbound leads. So make sure that matches for you. Make sure it says return all and it's record search and you're connected your account. Same thing down here, right? voice agent, inbound leads, etc. Now, why do we have one for outbound and inbound calls? If we care about if this is supposed to be an outbound voice agent, this is just here in case you do get an inbound call for whatever reason. If you don't have it set up like this, it would just instantly fail. Now, the outbound call web hook should look something like this. Now, let's talk about what this is. This just means this is just what we're passing back to 11 Labs, right? So if I blow this up, alls we're saying is, hey, you wanted your custom initiation client data. What we're giving that to you, but what we're really giving you is this voice opener. This custom voice opener is what we're passing up, right? And this link right here, Twilio personalization, this kind of gives you a deep dive of the documentation in terms of what's really happening under the hood with this whole web hook infrastructure, right? because we're passing it custom dynamic variables and that custom dynamic variable in this case is that voice opener. Notice how this voice opener right here exactly matches our first message, right? Voice opener. Voice opener. And what is voice opener? It's this variable that's inside of here, right? And I understand all of what I said is probably super confusing because it was super confusing to me at first, too. Just understand what's happening here. Again, remember we talked about at this beginning. It calls you on the phone. The instant it calls you between the time it calls you and you pick up. We wanted to have certain personalized information. And that personalized information we're sending it in this case is this custom message. But we could send it a bunch of other information if we wanted to as well. And if we wanted to send it more information or whatever custom information, we would set it as a variable inside of here, right? So I could do another variable that's called like, you know, variable 2, right? And I map it to air table as well. Like it's some sort of information. I'll show that in a second. But that's what's happening. Again, I know it's confusing, but that's what's happening here. But once you've connected your Air Table accounts and you hooked up this web hook inside of 11 Labs, we can now test this all again. So make sure we're set to active. Hello. Make sure we save it. And now what I want you to do, right, we already have this. We don't need to do the whole form thing again, right? Because you went inside your Air Table trigger and you pinned it. I want you to come here and we're just going to execute the step again and you should get a phone call. So execute step. Here's the agent calling. Hi, Chase. This is Sarah from Chase AI. I'm reaching out to follow up on your interest in our AI voice agent service. >> Hey, thanks. All right. What did you notice there that was different from when we manually did it? It was the custom opening line, right? Hey, Chase, I know you were interested in voice AI agents. When we did it manually, there was none of that. It was just saying, "Hey, what's up?" So, we know that's working. We know the initiation client data is working. And let's see if the post call data is working as well. So we'll go to executions just to confirm everything worked. I come inside here. Green check mark. Green check mark. Awesome. This is great. This means outbound is working. This means personalization is working. This means post data call analysis is working. Perfect. Your AI agent is pretty much set up ready to go even if it seems like it hasn't done anything because the meat and potatoes of it actually is working. triggers working, calls working, system prompt is doing what we want. We're getting data at the end. Now comes the easy part is just pulling that data out of the transcript and analyzing it and sending it back to Air Table. So let's do that on this. Go to copy to editor and well actually first I want to show something. Let's go back to executions and go to the one that shows the fetch initiation client data working because I wanted to kind of show you this with real data. So let's click on this web hook and you'll see, hey, this is just some web hook information about who called and whatever. What we care about is this stuff. So it makes the call, it searches the record, it gets all the information from air table. And then this is the important part. We pass whatever data we wanted. In this case, like you see here, we passed that um voice opener data. But if there was more data inside that air table, right? Let's say we had like they gave us the budget, right? and we wanted our voice agent to know about that. We could set another variable down here that we called budget and we just map the data. But back to this part, come to the latest one where we see the transcript and all that. I want you go to copy to editor, unpin. And now we're going to dive into some of the call analysis. So we have this transcript information here. Right now we can connect it to the call analysis. Here you will have to have set up your OpenAI account, which you probably have done by now. And you'll see how this works. What's the prompt? The prompt is the transcript. So, we just dump the transcript inside of here. We have the system prompt which goes into what we want it to analyze as well as how we want the JSON to look like. Now, this JSON piece is important because we want all these items to eventually go inside of our um air table, right? We're going to have a column for call summary. We're going to have a column for lead status, a column for budget, right? So, we want that all put out there. So once you do that, execute the step and we'll see over here on the right that it gives us everything we want. Call summary, lead status, project details, timeline not mentioned, budget not mentioned. That's fine. Then it goes down two paths, right? You should just connect your air table right now. Same thing as usual. Make sure all this stuff lines up, but you'll see all this should already be filled out for you. So what are we sending back to Air Table? Well, first of all, we're matching based on phone number, right? So it actually puts it in the right row, but we're sending back the call summary, the lead status, all that stuff. So I just went call summary, dragged it in there. Lead status, dragged it in there. Budget, dragged it in there, etc., etc., etc. So if I hit execute step, if we go back in here, look at that. Filled out all the stuff for us right away. And this will happen automatically when we have the automation finished. Now, it wasn't qualified, so it just does nothing. But if it was, it would search the records based on their phone number. So, it takes the phone number that was used in that call and will grab all their information and then it passes it to an email, right, that it grabs from your table and says, "Hey, how's it going? First name, here's the calendar link." Right? So, that's how the follow-up works. And again, that follow-up could be anything you want. So, now that's all connected. I want you to save it. And now what we're going to do one final time, we're going to run it right from the top and have it do everything for us automatically. So go back to Air Table, delete this row, right? We're just going to start fresh, go to forms, go to the form we have, go to open, fill it out, and let's run it. So Chase and again should say hi phone give it the correct phone number with the area code and then voice AI agent submit it go back to your data and wait for that call like I said I think it's been taking us anywhere from 10 to 15 seconds which isn't too bad and we can even bring up the executions tab if we want and kind of wait for this to work. All right, here's our call. >> Hi, Chase. This is Sarah from Chase AI. I'm reaching out to follow up on your interest in our voice AI agent service. >> Hey, yeah. Yeah, I need a voice agent. >> Great. Thank you. To make sure we fully understand your vision, I just have three quick questions. First, could you tell me a little? >> Okay, we're not going to go through the whole thing yet again, but let's take a look at what happened. So, it's running right now. So, we can see in the executions outbound worked. We can also see the uh client data initial initialization worked. And did our post call work? Yes. Right. Analyzed the call, uploaded it to Air Table, didn't send the message. But if we go into Air Table, we'll see. Hey, everything was set up. Now, let's talk about creating dashboards. Creating dashboards inside of Air Table is pretty easy, honestly. If you just click this little AI guy on the left hand side, you just prompt it like you would chat GBT and tell it to create a dashboard, right? Like the first thing it says is create a dashboard for inboard lead to track status and it'll create it for you. And obviously, if you have more data, you can have you can actually tell it, hey, provide fake data for 20 rows. And you can continue to play with the interface. And this is how you create your quote unquote dashboard that you can then turn around a client and say, "Hey, this is what it would look like when you're running this at scale, which is really, really powerful and people love to see." So that's how the dashboard thing looks, right? Here it is just for I'll move over here. This is just for one guy, right? And we could tweak this, right? Key metrics, all this stuff. Like you show someone this. Oh my god. Wow, that's amazing. I'll pay you an extra $2,000. That's like only slightly tongue and cheek, but that's how you do the interface piece of all this. That was a lesson. That was a video we did a lot. I'm sure you are thoroughly confused, but I did my best to try to start this at a high level, break it down piece by piece, and then eventually have it all work as one coherent thing. Again, let's just recap what we've done here. We've gone to Twilio. You now have the ability to create phone numbers for your AI agents. That wasn't too bad. Two, we went inside of 11 Labs and created a voice agent. And you kind of saw how we do that. You saw how we can give it different voices. You saw how we can deal with system prompts. We dived into the security piece. Namely, how do we do this fetch initiation client data? How do we do post call web hooks? Right? We dove into that. We went and do NAN infrastructure on the back end, right? How do we set up this like CRM trigger thing for voice agents, right? How do we combine CRM with voice with AI? Right? Because that's super important. That's what clients want. It's not enough for us to go inside of 11 Labs and have this voice agent that's works in a vacuum. That's not enough. It needs to be able to integrate with external systems. So, we figured out how to do triggers with outbound calls. We figured out how to fetch personalized data and push dynamic variables based on that data every single time we make a call. And we went through how can we take that data from the call at the end, parse it and push it places, and then actually do follow-up actions with it. In this case, send an email. Right? We've actually covered quite a bit and there's still a lot to learn, right? Because we didn't even really touch inbound agents. We didn't touch using NAND as essentially like a tool hub that you see down here. But we did cover a lot and frankly the inbound stuff I think is a little bit easier. So, as always, templates down below, school, there's more guides. We're going to continue doing more and more voice stuff. So, I hope you're ready for that. And let me know what issues you run into. I'm sure you'll run into a bunch. It's something you're just going to have to struggle through and get working. But I promise you, the bones of a very sophisticated voice AI agent service are here, right? You just need to customize it for your own use case. So, let me know what you think. Good luck and I'll see you

=== I Built an AI to Steal Your Competitors' Viral Secrets (n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoheSkuBdro

This AI automation is the best way to emulate anybody's viral content strategy. And all we have to do is fill out a form. So, big picture, what is this automation doing? Well, it's letting us analyze any video from any content creator on Instagram or Tik Tok via the new Gemini analyze video module that just came out last week and then break down what it is they're doing in their videos, the hooks, the content, the editing, the pacing, what they're doing with text, everything that's important for you to be able to recreate it in your own style. Then once we get all that data, we're uploading it to our database of choice. I am giving you the option of both Google Sheets and Air Table. I'm partial to Air Table, but you have both options with this template. So this is what the data looks like inside of Air Table. And like I said, we have all that analysis I talked about the concept, the hooks, the hook formula, structuring, all that. And the nice thing about Air Table is we get these pretty interfaces, right? So I'm able to just scroll down here, click on the video I want to analyze, and I can see all that in a nice visual format. But none of that analysis really matters if we can't figure out a way to give you practical steps to recreate those types of videos with your own niche content. And that's exactly what you see here with the recreation framework where we go into like the universal elements that apply to any sort of video you do in this particular style. We talk about the customizable elements like what can you specifically replace and then we go even into potential variations of that same style of video. So all in all, you're just getting a ton of data at your fingertips so you can recreate viral videos of your favorite creators, but with your own content. So that's what we're doing here, right? We're scraping Tik Tok. We're scraping Instagram. We're getting the most recent viral videos of your favorite creators, doing some really deep analysis with the new Google Gemini module inside of NAND. And then we're bringing that analysis to you in Google Sheets and Air Table. So you can actually take the analysis and do something practical with it. And all in all, I think this is a really cool automation because honestly, I really wanted to try out the new Gemini uh video module. It allows us to really streamline this process instead of trying to do like weird workarounds where we download it to Google Drive and then like try to do all this hacky BS that just takes way too long and looks super ugly. But secondly, I think it really is useful to be able to do some deep dives of like how certain videos do go viral and like why they do it because there is formulas to it, right? Like what's the hook? Like what are they doing in terms of the audio, the visual, the actual content? And we get all that here. here. It's really, really detailed. And so that's what's happening big picture. What we're going to do next in this video is we're going to go down module by module. I'm going to show you how it all works under the hood. We're going to go and look at amplify and all that stuff. So you can kind of see what you can edit and what you can tweak so you can really make this your own. And as always, you can get this template and more guides from my school and a link to that down below. All right, so first things first, our form submission. Now, let's take a look at this. Now, why did I do form submission? Because really, it's just super easy. We could have tied this into something like lovable, too, if we wanted to, right? have a real user interface, but I wanted to keep it as simple as possible. So, we're just asking a couple questions off the bat. And the first one is, hey, what platform are we doing? Right? We have a different scraper for Instagram and another one for Tik Tok. So, that's why we have this option here, right? And you have the option of Instagram or Tik Tok. YouTube is another one we could be doing that will probably be an addendum to this template. Um, but I wanted to stick with the short form stuff first and because like some of the analysis for long form is obviously going to be a little bit different than short form. Next over here we have their username and so this is where you're just going to put an exp explicit username of that creator and often times it will differ from Tik Tok and Instagram. So make sure you're just doing the right one and we don't need any sort of at sign. And then last two are the number of videos you want to analyze. Can really be any number. Just understand the more videos that you have, the longer it's going to take. Each video to analyze, I would say takes about 20 to 30 seconds for the short form stuff for so like the 2-minute video is going to take you 20 seconds basically. Think 10 seconds a minute is roughly what I noticed. And then lastly is the days since the video was posted and that's in the number of days. So you want in the last seven days. So this is taking the top five videos of the last week. Easy. And then from there we go into the switch module. So, this is just deciding, hey, are we going to do the Tik Tok or Instagram route? I'm going to show you the Tik Tok route in this video. It's virtually the same for Instagram. Same sort of scraping deal, same sort of mapping. It's just the actual values for the mapping is different. Okay, so let's dive into the scraping portion now. So, here we are at the Tik Tok scraping and our scraper of choice is Appify. Now, this is the one we're using, the Tik Tok scraper by Clockworks. And if you've never used Appify before, it's a marketplace for web scrapers. So, think Tik Tok, Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook, all that stuff. There's scrapers for it. You can find it on Appify. As a quick aside, I've done other videos on Appify, so go ahead and check those out. Um, but I'll talk about the pricing real quick right now up front. With Aify, there's a free version. You get $5 just off the bat every month. Every single time you run the scraper, it costs a certain amount of money. For these scrapers, you're looking at like half a cent or less per video. So, just keep that in the back of your mind. If you end up going to the paid version like I have here, it's going to cost you $39 a month. So, it's either free or $39 a month and like $120. Consider the $39 a month a credit. So, if I use this and I spend $5 on this scraper, that $5 is pulled from that $39 bucket, right? I'm not paying 39 on top of five. So, that's how it works. Now, what this scraper does is is it actually gives us a ton of information. And there's ways for you to kind of like tweak this, and I'll show you how to do that in a second. But the long and short of it is is we connect to Appy using the API. We then send this JSON body and this is where we are mapping the data from that form submission. So you'll see here we mapped the number of days since the video was posted. We're mapping the actual profile, right? That's why we need the username and then the amount of results we want, right? And you see that reflected here on the right with the actual math values. So that's what we're pushing to Appiney to get our data back. And over here on the right is all the data that we get. I know I kind of obscure this a little bit, but all you need to know is this is a ton of data, right? That is a ton of data we're playing with. And that's just for five videos. So, what what data do we care about and what can we get rid of and what can we add, right? Because I'm going to give you this right here, but I also want to show you how you can edit this and as always, make this your own and customize it. And the way you're going to do that is by coming inside here to the Tik Tok scraper. Again, there'll be a link to this in the school and it's literally you just playing around with it. So, right here, you'll see it as JSON and you'll see as manual JSON. This is going to look very familiar to this because guess what? I just copy and pasted this to this. Now, we can change this. And how do I change this? Well, I go to manual and you see all these different options here, right? Video URLs, search, right? So, videos from specific profiles, what we've been playing around with. And you can see these settings in here that I was using, right? Chase AI latest seven days. But you see there's other options I didn't play with, right? Like you could scrape videos that only have a certain amount of likes, right? Or exclude pin post or you could actually download the videos themselves, right? Which is what we do. You can include thumbnails, slideshow images, right? So there's a ton of different settings. But as you change these settings, right? Like let's say I did 100 hearts here. If I then go into JSON, you can now see here where it says most digs. That changed to 100. That wasn't there before. So, I suggest you go in here to manual. You play with these settings when you decide you want to customize it. You then go to the top right where it says save and start. It's actually going to scrape the data for you. And then you can go into runs. And this is where you're going to see the data that you scraped. Right? So the flow is come in here, change the settings, run the scraper, go to runs, take a look at the output, and if you like the outputs you're giving, go back to input, go to JSON, copy all this, paste it into here, and then map accordingly. So hopefully that wasn't too confusing. Just understand inside of Ampify, it kind of becomes your little playground where you can play with the knobs, see what the results are, and then once you're satisfied, plug it back into here. Now, for most people, I think this will be enough, right? This is just downloading the videos based on the amount of results we put in and how recent we want it, right? So, 7 days, five videos this creator. Understand you could also do multiple creators, but it could be kind of confusing because we're also running the Instagram one in parallel. Truthfully, I think it's simpler if you just keep it to one creator at a time because you can always just run it again with another creator. So, all that to say, this is how you do it and this is all the data we're getting. Um, again, if you're confused, it's like, "Hey, how do I set up Appify API stuff?" I'll link right here to the Appify video where I go through APIs. Just go through that process. It's not too difficult. So, we get all that data. In this case, we asked for five videos, so we had five items. Now, we're going to pass it into Gemini. And this is from one of the most recent NANd updates. So, if you haven't updated Nad in the last week or so, you're not even going to see this option. But you just need to go over here, search for Gemini, go to Google Gemini, and you'll see that now there is a analyze video option. I think I'm obscuring it, but yeah, analyze video right here. So, that's what we have here. And I'm using my free Gemini API key. If you want to know how to connect Gemini, just click here. And then I want you to copy paste this. Just be like, hey, Google Gemini Palm API. How do I connect into chat GPT? I'm not going to go through it here in this video just for the sake of time. So, but that's how you connect it. It's not too difficult if you've done Google credentials before. It's actually fairly easy and like I said, you can actually do it for free. So, here's our Gemini API key. Analyze, we're going to do analyze video, right? You have a few different options. Model, we're just using 2.5 Flash, which is pretty quick. And we want a fast one because again, it already takes enough time as is to go through these videos. And then we have our text input. And the textive input for all intents and purposes is like a system prompt. And so let's take a look at what we're telling it to do. So we break it up into really four parts, right? This analysis. And again, this is where you want to customize it. So the first thing is the core concept and hook analysis. And this is where we're asking, hey, what's this a video about? What's the niche? Who's it for? Right? Pretty basic stuff. Next, we have the hook breakdown. And now, if you're anyone who does any sort of content, you understand the importance of the hook, right? that first 3 seconds, you could argue it's even quicker where you got to grab the users's attention right away and like hold on to them. Well, how was this guy doing that? It's extremely important to get very specific. So, like we break it into visual, audio, and actual psychological triggers. Like, why would someone stay? So, what's on screen? What are the first sounds? What are the first words? And why should any what's like what's going on in their mind, right? Is it social proof? Is it pattern interrupt? Curiosity gap? Lots of ways to kind of like, you know, quote unquote trick someone to watch your video. and what is this creator doing? That's what we look for. And then lastly, we go into the hook formula, right? So, like if this is what they did, what's the formula to recreate it, right? Because you don't want to recreate the same exact video. You're going to have your own niche, the own thing you're talking about. How do you do that, but using their template? Well, here we go. So, that's one core concept and hook analysis. After that, we go into the content structure. So, just kind of like more big picture, like what are the arcs of this video, right? How does it open? What sort of act two? What is the climax and payoff? And also, what's the call to action, right? What are they actually telling the users to do? Number three, production and editing analysis. So, here I just keep it to visual style, like what are they doing with colors, text, that sort of thing. Um, I will say at one point I had this way more detailed and I cut back on it significantly. I included like what equipment are they using, what kind of software are they using to actually edit it and went into a whole post-production thing for the sake of not having like an entire thousandpage document coming out at the end of this. kind of cut down there. But if that's something you're interested in, like, hey, how are they actually editing this? No, like really what are the steps for them to edit this video and the way they do it, you could totally put that here. Then we have recreation and adaptation. So like, hey, the adaptation framework that I showed earlier, like all right, what are like the universal elements of this video that work for any niche, right? And then of those things, what can I tweak? And then what are some variations of this format, right? How can I kind of put my own spin on it? So that's what helps. And then it goes into instructions just like concise but specific templates, formulas, blah blah blah blah blah. Again, this is where you make your money in terms of customizing this for your particular fit. So what do we get in response? Well, you get all this on the right, right? Quite a bit of data. And the issue that you'll notice here is all this data is just in one giant block, right? One giant block of text. Now, usually what we would do if this was inside of like an AI agent type deal, we would have like an output parser, right? So we could in this step say hey this is the JSON format I want you to output this in. We don't have that inside of the analyze video which is why we then have this the basic LLM chain with a structured output parser. So we're just trying to take this giant block of text and break it up into individual items. So then we can take those individual items and go to something like Google Sheets, right? And then say, hey, core concept, map it here, hook analysis here, hook formula here, etc., etc., right? And the only way to do that is to break it up into pieces. And so we break it up into pieces using this. So coming into here, what are we doing? The prompt is just that giant block of text. We require a specific output format, so we can use the output parser. The system message is pretty basic, right? We're just saying, hey, we are going to break you up via the parser. Take a look at the output parser attached to you and divvy it up according to that schema. So let's take a look at the output parser, right? Structured output parser. We're doing it generate from a JSON example. So this is the example we're giving us. And like I said, this is a lot. I'll kind of zoom in here so it's even easier to see. Right? So core concept, that's an item, target audience, hook analysis, right? hook analysis itself is like four separate items, right? We're getting really detailed for how this is being broken up. So, it's easier for us to, you know, place it into Air Table or place it into Google Sheets and have it be easy to read at the end. So, this is kind of the work we have to do on the front end for that. Also, down here we have the autofix format. So, basically what that is is if we run this on the first try and it doesn't really give us the JSON we want, it's going to try again. And when you do that, it adds a little model down here. So, we have OpenAI connected both to the LLM chain and the structured output parser, but this tends to give you a better or more consistent output. One thing I will tell you though is when you use this, sometimes it will work, right? It's going to run it a few times. It might fail once and it'll work and it'll push out, you know, five items in the output you want, like we see here on the right. You know, you see all this broken up exactly what we asked for. This may still show failed. It's kind of just a visual bug. like like it failed, but then it retrieded it and it worked, but it's still going to show it failed. So, don't get too scared if you see that. It's totally okay. But what we want at the end is this what we see here on the right. And I'll move my thing. Whoops. I'll move my thing over here. So, yeah, you see how it's all broken up in these individual items that we will then place into our Google sheet or Air Table. And that's what's happening in the next step. Okay. So, now we just do the database update. And like I said, I'm so nice. I gave you two different options, right? We have Google Sheets and we have Air Table. I will have the templates for both inside the school. So, go ahead and check those out. So, you can just kind of plug and play. Well, let's kind of go into each of them real quick. Um, pretty basic stuff though, right? Connected to your your particular document, your particular sheet. If you use the template that I provide in the school, you're going to have to update that. And then like I said before, we're just taking all these items and we're placing them into the appropriate like column, right? And some of them have multiple items and that's what you see here, right? So it is kind of a pain in the butt to do at first. Well, at least for me it was. You kind of just get to copy and paste it, but it gives us a pretty good um product at the end of the day. Um, one thing of note, you'll see here for the thumbnail, you kind of have this image thing going on and you have something a little bit different for Air Table itself. That's just so the actual thumbnail um can be seen inside of our little databases, right? Same thing over here. There we go. Who's that guy? All right. So, that's what's happening here. And same thing on the air table side, right? Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. you shouldn't need it. Well, if you do end up customizing this a lot, understand you'll you will need to come here and just make sure everything is mapped appropriately to the correct thing. And so once you run it, what do you get? You get this. So we'll just go through it real quick on Air Table. We have our video URL here. So if I click on this, it will actually take me to the video. You have the creator. You have the thumbnail. So essentially the cover page or the cover um picture, number of likes, number of views, core concepts, hook analysis, hook formula, content structure, editing, and then recreation framework. Sweet. And same thing over here is happening on the Google Sheets. And again, I think the the big thing here is this recreation framework and also the hook formula, the hook analysis. like between the hook stuff and the recreation framework, that really is going to be the meat and potatoes of like, okay, what's driving the views here, what's driving the value, and where can I recreate it myself? So, that's really where I would dig in deep. All right, so there you have it, guys. That's the viral video analyzer for Tik Tok and Instagram. Um, I think it's actually a pretty useful tool, and I think it'll be even more useful when we go ahead and add YouTube to this later, right? We sort of that long form video analysis. But in the meantime, I think this is really powerful for what it does and can really help you with your content game if you're kind of struggling with like, how do I recreate what these other people in my niche are doing really, really well, right? Big things are the hooks, big things are the general pacing, and just kind of like how they structure their video. And this analysis covers all that. So, good luck with this. Check out the school as always for the templates and I'll see you guys

=== The REAL Truth About n8n's New AI Agent Swarms ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upl8YlTjfmg

It has never been easier to create AI super agents than right now with the new NAD update. So this past week, NAND rolled out an update that now allows us to use AI agents as tools inside the same canvas. Now what does that mean? That means we can have an orchestrator agent like you see here and as a tool we can have the AI agent itself. And that tool could also have AI agents underneath it. So, what this gave us is a really simple and easy way to now make AI agents that have sub agents that can talk to one another all while maintaining visual clarity. Now, this is really useful if you're trying to do any sort of multi- aent setup. And what you see right here is somewhat of a skeleton of that model. Up top, you would have some sort of orchestrator AI agent, right? This would be the AI agent that you actually speak to. And underneath it, you would have agents that have different tasks. As you see here, it's pretty much broken up like an org chart. We have an executive assistant agent, our content agent, our research agent, and underneath each of those agents, we then have the sub agents that are actually doing all the work, right? The executive assistant agent would have an email sub agent, a calendar agent. The content agent would be able to do LinkedIn post, short form, and then the research agent can look at stuff like internal searches via like Google Drive or full rag system or actually go out and go search the internet for whatever you want. And that type of hierarchal setup is now really really easy to do with this new NAND update. Right? So the big takeaway here is that we can now create multi- aent setups, hierarchal AI agent setups extremely easily. And so let's move away from a skeleton like you see here and look at an actual example of how you could be using this. So what we see right here is the same kind of setup but in a personal assistant type format. Right up top we have our ability to talk with the AI agent. So this would be through Telegram, right? You can either do it through text or through voice. And underneath it are all the different tools that it can use. Right? So right here we essentially have this personal assistant that has the ability to use email, use calendars, use web scraping tools, research, or do LinkedIn content. And kind of like we saw with the skeleton before, you'll see down here we have this sub agent using that new tool that has attached to it a number of different Gmail options, right? So we essentially attached an entire Gmail agent to our primary orchestrator agent up top that we actually speak to. In reality, when you're using this, you as the user only interact with this guy, right, the primary agent up top. And this guy then makes the correct decisions based on what you tell it to do to then call on the appropriate sub agents underneath it, right? Again, imagine it's an org chart, right? And you just talk to the CEO, which then tells his VPs what he wants to do, who then tells the actual associates to go ahead and start doing some actual work, right? And it's really, really easy to do now with this new update. Now, how do you actually do it in practice? Well, it's actually really easy. You're just going to go to the tool button up here. You're going to click that. You're going to search for agent, and you're going to see the AI agent tool populate over here on the right. And now, what we have is what should be a pretty familiar module set up to you, right? If you've ever been using AI agents before inside of NAND, this is going to look very familiar, right? You have your description, you have your prompt, and then you have the ability to add things like system messages. But what's really nice now is we can have AI decide all these things, right? I can have my topline AI agent send the appropriate prompt and also create the appropriate system message for this sub agent. And why is that useful? Well, first of all, it makes it really easy to create these setups like I've talked about before, but now you can also set it up really, really quickly, right? I can pretty much recreate Oops. I can pretty much recreate the skeleton you see here, assuming all my accounts are set up and connected, right? in what five t minutes where before it was somewhat laborious, right? If you remember, this is what sort of a personal AI assistant would look like just a few weeks ago. This AI agent you see here and this AI agent you see here are essentially one and the same in terms of functionality. But we didn't have the ability to have those, you know, built-in AI agent, AI sub agent tools. We had to use these, right? Back in the old days, we had to do when called by another NADN workflow. And so if I wanted an email tool like this guy, I would have to create this entire agent in a separate workflow and call it separately. Right? Remember? So this email tool is actually basically identical to this, but it's living in a different canvas and it's a different setup, right? I have to choose it from a workflow. I have to go inside that separate workflow. I have to painstakingly do the trigger. I have to make sure it's all set up. I have to manually do the system message. Now, we can do that all automatically. So, that's what this new AI tool agent really gives us. Okay, so the new NAND update gives us what? It gives us visual clarity. It's super easy to see how my multi- aent setups now work. It gives us speed. I can very quickly build these things as I need to. And it makes it a little more streamlined, right? I can go inside here to these different tools and go to system messages and have the AI figure it out for itself. Right? Very, very easy. But what do we lose? Right? Because there's a pro and con to each of these setups. What I get here is a little different than what I get here. And I do lose some things when I move away from this setup. Right? Like I mentioned before, let's talk about this guy. Right? Same thing. This is a personal AI assistant that has the ability to use Gmail tools. If I go to this email tool and I navigate to it, you can see it right here, right? It has create email, Google contacts, create traffic, get emails, right? All this stuff again, very similar to this guy, but now he's just in his own workflow. But there is some pros to having it set up this way, right? Doing the old method of having different workflows somewhat siloed gives us the advantage of having them be modular, right? Because while this email sub agent, right, with these little tools is just kind of sitting by itself, it means that I can attach it to any sort of workflow I want, right? So, while it's attached to this AI assistant right now, I could basically copy this, right? And go to a different um workflow and hook it up and it's going to work just as well. And I could go to another one and another one and another one, right? So, I can have all these essentially siloed sub aents that can work with anything I want, right? They're modular. I can plug and play them with this new setup that you see here, right? Where we have these tool agents that are like directly attached to it. I don't have that ability, right? I don't have the ability to, for example, call this email sub agent or call this research tool from a different workflow. I am stuck using it right here, right now with this workflow. Right? And for some people that doesn't matter, right? They only have a handful of automations that they use. Like they have one personal assistant and it works just fine for them. And in fact, they're really going to like the like the ability to just see everything in one place and have again the visual clarity to see how it's working. And I keep mentioning visual clarity and some of you may say, well, who cares if it's clear like I know how it works. You may know how it works, but I can promise you people who are new to the space, if they have the ability to see how these things are working from top to bottom, have everything connected, it actually helps a ton, right? So, if you're new, this is actually a huge boon. But if you're someone who's a little more advanced and someone who really likes the ability to be modular with your workflows inside of NAN, understand you are losing something here, right? When we go to this setup, while it's more convenient and it's faster, I think there is an argument to be made that this kind of setup actually gives us more functionality and is arguably more powerful because I can kind of use it however I want and I maintain a ton of flexibility. But obviously there's the downsides of I have to go to separate workflows. I have to kind of keep this all organized in the back of my mind. It's harder to do executions, all that stuff. But again, for the average user, I think this update is huge. I think again the ability to just have everything in one place just kind of gives people a warm and fuzzy feeling of knowing, okay, I have all my sub aents connected. I know how this looks. And it makes it easier for them to kind of like understand what's happening under the hood. Because remember, NAD is a low code tool. Not everyone who's using this is like a professional developer, right? So having these quality of life changes I think is an overall plus, but always we need to go through the pros and cons because I think you are going to be seeing a ton of videos soon about people saying, "Hey, this is, you know, like I kind of did in the beginning with a clickbaity intro. This is the new super agent, right? These are a agent swarms. You can build whatever you want." Like truthfully, you could build all this a week ago. It just now looks prettier, right? And arguably, we lose a little bit in the end due to having it tied to one workflow. So, keep that in mind when you're working with these. I still think it's a really cool update. And obviously, this update also included awesome things like the new Gemini tool, um, which I'll have videos coming out on that soon. So, you know, um, yeah, let me know what you think. I would love to hear some of the pros and cons of people who are less experienced, more experienced. And if you want to get your um, hands on some of these templates, like, you know, these two guys, these skeletons, um, just go ahead check out the links um, down below in the description. You can get them from my school.

=== n8n Masterclass: Build and Sell AI Agents (Part 7 : Build Any Workflow in 4 Steps) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5HELPmshFE

Hello and welcome to part seven of my NAND masterclass series where I take you, somebody who has no idea what AI agents are or what NAND even is and turn you into somebody who can actually make sophisticated AI workflows and even sell them to people. Now, it's pretty wild to think we've already knocked out six parts of this master class series and now we're at the point where we need to start wrapping things up. And as I was creating this lesson, I thought, well, which path do I want to go down? Right? Because there's a million different automations or AI agents that I could show you how to build, right? We could go into personal assistance. We could go into lead generation. But what's really the point of this master class? Is it to show you a bunch of random examples and have you kind of like pick up some NAND foundational truths along the way? Or is it to give you the baseline skills and eventually the frameworks to build whatever it is you want? And the answer is the latter, right? The point of this masterclass series is to give you the skills and the frameworks to use AI, to use automation to solve whatever your particular use case is. And I'm never going to know what that is. Only you are. And so what we've actually been doing these last six lessons is giving you the base skills you need to create anything you want. Right? There's a certain level of competence you need to create agents and automations. And that's what we've covered so far. And what you're looking at right now is a list of those things we've covered. Right? We've done everything from the NAND interface itself to APIs to rag to external triggers and everything in between. And while we could go through literally hundreds of different automations and agent examples from this point forward, the fact is 99% of them are essentially just a combination of these 12 things. And through the first six parts of this NAND master class, you've actually learned how to do all of those. So now the question is no longer do you have the foundational skills to build agents, but do you have the large high-level frameworks to actually do it from scratch? And up until now, the answer to that has been no. But in this lesson, part number seven, that is what we're going to cover. We're going to go through my four-step process to creating any AI workflow you want from scratch. It's the same thing I use when I build these things for clients. So then you can take the skills that we've been building on these last six lessons and actually apply them to your life. And so, even though this lesson will be a little less hands-on in terms of actually creating anything inside of NadN, I would argue it's the most important one that you really need to internalize because this cycle, this four-step process that I'm going to give you is something you're going to apply to every single workflow you build here on out. So, let's go through this four-step cycle one by one. And I use the term cycle on purpose because this is something that's happening constantly as you build out your workflows. It's not just step one, step two, step three, step four, we're done. every single part of the workflow, you're going to be going through this loop. And so step one of this cycle is define success, which to me is creating a PRD, a product requirements document. So why is step one, create a product requirements document? I thought we were trying to create an AI workflow. Well, what a PRD is going to do for us is it's going to allow us to put thoughts on paper that specifically describe what we are trying to build and what those features are. So let's use this AI lead generation automation as our example for today's lesson. Now what this automation does is it finds leads, it enriches leads, creates custom messaging for the lead and then dumps it all into instantly AI which is a platform that is used for cold email outreach. Now when I first created this automation, when it became time for me to build this from scratch, do you think I knew all the features that I needed right away? Do you think I knew that, oh yeah, I was going to specifically run Apify? I needed to parse the lead data afterwards. I need to do company research in this manner. No. No, of course not. And neither are you. off the bat, all you're going to know is, "Yeah, I need to do a lead generation automation and probably enrich it." Like, that's where you're going to start and that's okay. But you need to flesh that out because if you just go into a blank canvas, right, and that's all you're starting with, you're going to struggle and really, you're just going to take up a ton of time and we want to eliminate that. And so, that's where the PRD comes in. And this is where you also lean very heavily on AI. You're going to go to Claude Gemini chat GPT and you're going to have it create this PRD for you. And the way that works is you're just going to tell it what you're trying to build that it's inside of Naden and you need help kind of fleshing out the features. And what you're going to get is something like this. Now, the actual document itself doesn't really matter. It doesn't really matter how it's formatted or anything. What you just need is you need success to find. I'm trying to create this right this automation and it needs features A, B, and C. And so back to our cold outreach, what was that? The PRD was what I want to create an lead generation AI automation machine, but what are the features it needs? It needs some way to scrape data. That's what you see here. Feature A. And then what's feature B? I need some way to enrich that data. That's what you see here. Feature C, I need to generate custom outreach messaging. And then feature D, I need a way to actually put it somewhere where I can do cold email outreach. Right? And by breaking it down into individual features, you've now broken down your task into bite-sized chunks that you can actually handle. Right? If I tell you to do all that at once, especially when you're new, you're going to get overwhelmed. You're going to get confused, and your workflow is going to fail. So, the PRD becomes essential for you keeping your project organized and manageable. And so, the more detailed your PRD is, the easier it's going to be for you to be able to solve the problems that you need to get through to actually create the workflow you want. And so that's step one. Define success. What are we trying to build? Put the thoughts on paper. Break it down into features. And those become your clear steps to success. All right, cool, Chase. We define success. That's neat. Everything's on paper, but I actually need to build at some point. So like what's step two? Well, step two is can we steal it? Right? And that's kind of tongue and cheek, but is what you're trying to solve that unique and has it been done before? So are we really trying to steal someone's template? No. But what you are trying to do is you are going to go online and you're going to do some searching to see how other people have tried to solve your problem. So for our lead generation automation example, what I would do is I would go to perplexity. That's my personal favorite. And I would just put in lead generation automation nadn. And what's going to come back? It's going to come back with Reddit post. It's going to come back with actual links to n and probably some YouTube videos. Now your use case is probably a little more unique than just a generic lead generation automation. And you won't find something that's a onetoone fit. That's okay because guess what? you are never going to find a one-on-one fit for your exact situation. What we're trying to find is just something that can get us to like 50%. If we have a 50% solution out there, that's way better than starting from scratch. And so, I just go to Perplexity and I just start clicking on some links, right? Like, so here's one, automated lead management. Now, is this what I wanted? Did I want HubSpot? No. But I would continue going down this rabbit hole and trying to see what other people have done, right? because if nothing else, it's going to give me inspiration. Cuz when you're new as well, you haven't seen all the different ways you can kind of like play with data or all the different, you know, modules out there that may be able to help you in your specific issues because I can guarantee you someone has tried to do something within your realm of automation, right? And so like don't try to reinvent the wheel if you don't have to. When I created this one, I was able to find like a 40 50% solution. It essentially had it gave me this Apollo URL generator idea. It didn't have the parsley data. It didn't have the company research. It didn't have the instantly, but it had the Apollo URL generator. And I hadn't even thought of doing that before. And it ended up working great for me. And so that's step number two. Can we steal it? Is there something online that we can use for inspo? So we've done step one. We created our PRD. We've done step two. We've tried to see if anyone else has anything similar out there online that we can use. And then step three, it's time to finally put pen to proverbial paper and begin iterating. Now, at this point, we are going to go back to our PR, right? Remember all those features that we talked about? Well, now we're going to go feature by feature and begin executing, right? You see right here in this one, data extraction, Apollo via Abify. Well, that would be our first feature. And that's kind of what you see here in this example. Well, the first part of all of this is just getting data from Apollo via Apify. And if you have no idea what any of those words mean, all I'm trying to do is get data on leads, right? Names, emails, all that stuff, right? Something to start with. That's the first feature I need to accomplish. I can't be worried about doing enriching or instantly or anything else yet. I'm hyperfocused on step one because it also allows me to just test step one. We have to take it one step at a time. And this probably seems super obvious to you, right? Wow, take it one step at a time. But I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I can't I could have a whole video of people who like come to me with their issues with their workflows because they're trying to create something that's 10 times more complicated than this. They have no experience inside of Naden and they just try to do too much at once. Like you have to keep it simple, right? Simple is always better. And so, we're just going to begin iterating. We're going to begin testing. We're going to begin building, which brings us into step number four, which is the most important step, and that's troubleshooting. Now, let's talk about troubleshooting because troubleshooting goes handinhand with a popular term you've probably heard lately, and that's context engineering. Now, I'm about to give you the keys to the kingdom here when it comes to troubleshooting because most people have no clue what they're doing with troubleshooting, and they don't do it enough, right? You should have a constant running conversation with AI when you're trying to do things. Like, I'm going to go over here and try to find like a recent thing I worked on, right? Like I I could keep scrolling here for probably like 30 minutes. Like this was a recent build I did for a client. It was a rag agent and it wasn't even particularly complicated. But I am constantly having back and forth with AI when I'm trying to do these builds. Anything any issue I run into, I'm bringing to AI. I'm troubleshooting. Right? It is your partner. It is your co-pilot. And that's how you have to treat it. Right? Again, this is how much I'm doing it for one agent for one build. I do this for a living. I've done this way more than you. Yours should look just like this. constant, constant, constant back and forth. Now, how does that back and forth go? How do I give it context? How do I troubleshoot? Here's how you do it, right? So, we're working on this and let's say we get an error. Let's say I had an error with the Apollo URL generator. Okay, here's what's going to happen. First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go to my AI choice, which is Gemini for me, and then I am going to give it all the code for that workflow. Now, the way you do that is you come up here at the top right. You see these three dots? You're going to hit download and then you're going to get ajson file inside of your downloads folder. Then I'm going to go to Gemini for me and I'm going to dunk that code in there. Right? It's called skeleton. It's a different one just as an example. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to give it big picture context. What's big picture context? That's me telling the AI this is the workflow. This is what I'm trying to do with it. Guess what you could also give it? You could give it your PRD, right? That's all the context it really needs. You just gave it everything, right? So, here's the code. Here's what I'm trying to solve. Next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to give it tactical context. So, small picture. Where is my error and what does it look like? So, if my error was here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a screenshot of this picture, right, of the module itself. I'm then going to put that into AI and then I'm going to give it context as well. Here's what the error looks like. Here's what the error is saying. And here's when I'm seeing it. Right? So now it knows what I'm trying to do big picture. It knows what the error is small picture. And what it's going to give me back is some sort of troubleshooting steps. And if you're lucky, the first steps it's going to give you are going to work just fine. And your problem will be solved and you're on your way. If not, you're just going to repeat the process. Now, once you give it big picture context once, you don't need to continue doing that. But continue going into whatever module is giving you issues, giving it a screenshot, updating the context, telling it, hey, the last uh troubleshooting step you gave me didn't work, and here's why. And that is how you troubleshoot. And I guarantee you, if you run that cycle enough times that it won't be that many, you're going to be able to solve your problem. And once you've solved your problem for feature number one, guess what time it is? It's time to repeat the whole cycle for feature number two. So what are you going to do? You're going to define success. You already did that with the PRD. Can you steal it? Has anyone tried to do what you're doing with feature number two before? Go on Plexity. See if someone has. Iterate. Begin building. Four. Troubleshoot till it works. Repeat, repeat, repeat. You just repeat this cycle over and over. Right? This is all you're doing the whole time. And it doesn't stop. You just keep doing this till you have solved your problem. And if this seems relatively simple, it's because it is, right? There's nothing magic about creating these AI systems from scratch, truly. But you do need some sort of framework to keep you honest and keep you on track so you don't get lost in the weeds and have to start all over because your thing's so busted. And so if you're disciplined enough to stick with that framework, I guarantee you, you can create any sort of AI workflow you want with the skills you already have because there's nothing out there that you really don't have the skills to already create, right? APIs, HTTP requests, proper system prompts, tool usage, rag, vector databases, all that. We've covered it. You know how to do it. You just don't know how to apply it yet. And this framework is going to give you sort of your left and right limits to create whatever you need to. And so I would tell you take a screenshot of this, commit this to memory, practice it, because this is your golden ticket to creating any AI workflow you want. And it's why I think this lesson is the most important one in this entire master class, right? Because we've learned the tools, we've learned the baseline foundations, and now you have a way to apply it. So, that's where I'm going to leave you at the end of part seven. And I've been saying it over and over again in this lesson, and I truly mean it. You really do have the skills now to build any sort of AI workflow you want. You just now need the practice. Now, we still have one more part in this master class series, and that's going to be part eight. And that's where I'm going to kind of go into the business side of this, right? What are your options for sourcing clients? How do we do pricing? How do we implement these things? Right? A lot of the stuff that everyone kinds a gloss over, it doesn't tell you at all. We're going to cover that in lesson 8. So lastly, make sure you check out my school. There's links to that below if you want to get more guides and resources of like how to build and use these AI agents.

=== n8n Masterclass: Build and Sell AI Agents (Part 6 : Lovable and User Interfaces) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtc5CriRpYM

Hello and welcome to part six of my N&NN master class series where I take you somebody who has no idea what NN is or how AI agents even work and turn you into somebody who can make sophisticated AI workflows and even sell them. In part five of this series, we finally started diving into some more complex topics, namely Rag. We created our own vector database inside of Pine Cone. We set up an entire data ingestion pipeline using Google Drive. And then we connected it all together and had our AI agent answer questions about whatever documents we put inside of it. Now, in part six, we're going to continue ramping up the complexity of our AI agent ecosystem by showing you how to take whatever you build inside of NADN and put it somewhere else. Namely, in today's video, we're going to be using Lovable. So, I'm going to show you how to create your own web page using Lovable and then hook up your Naden AI agent to it. Now, why are we doing this? Why does it matter? Well, you don't want to be inside of NADN interacting with your AI agent all the time. Imagine some extremely complex AI agents you've made that has all these different tools associated with it. Do you want to have to go inside NAN every single time, open up this chat message, and talk to it that way? No, of course not. You're going to want to be able to add it to any number of external integrations, whether that's Telegram, Slack, a web page, right? Your CRM. There's a million different places you are going to want to be able to put your AI agent and have either you or your team interact with it. And to do that, you need to learn how to connect it with external stuff like lovable, which is what we're going to do today. And so, we aren't just going to learn how to create web pages using Lovable. We're going to dive into things like web hooks, how they work, what they're actually doing, and what we need to edit inside of our AI agents every single time we add some sort of external integration. And so while the endgame of today's lesson is relatively simple, which is essentially change the interface in which we interact with our AI agent, it's actually really really important to internalize this because no matter what you build, you're going to want to put it somewhere else. And the lessons you learn here are going to remain the same. How you set up the web hooks, how you test out the data, and what you need to change inside of here to get it working wherever you want. So without further ado, let's actually jump into it and head over to Lovable. Now, if you've never used Lovable before, it's actually a really cool web app that essentially is like Chat GPT for creating your own web apps and web pages. You just prompt it, it does what you want to do. It actually has like a lot of depth to it. So, if you want to kind of, you know, dive down that rabbit hole, I have longer videos on it like the ability to hook it up to Superbase, do authentication, do Stripe integration, tons of stuff. I really, really love. Um, and you get free uh I believe it's five free messages back and forth. So, you should be able to do what we're doing today, which is the five messages. Um, if not, it resets every 24 hours. So, we'll see what we can get out of it. But honestly, I would suggest getting a uh membership. They don't pay me. I wish they did. But what we're going to do for a prompt is we're just going to say, "Hey, I want you to build a super cool web page that I can interact with my AI agent." So, that's what I'm going to do now. So, what did I write? I said, "I want you to create a stunning web page that acts as a frontend to my NAND AI agent. I want to be able to send text to the agent and receive back answers. The get web hook is blank. Now, what is the web hook? Well, the web hook is what is going to allow us to send data to loable and get data back, right? Think of a web hook as an API. Remember APIs? We talked about that in one of the first lessons. It's just a way for two programs to exchange information. So, we're going to search for web hook and you're going to see this test URL production HTT HTTP method path blah blah blah blah blah. Here's what we care about. Respond. You're going to do using respond to web hook node. You want to click production URL. Click that, copy it, go into loavable, paste that in there. So, it's going to say the get web hook is blah blah blah blah. That web hook is essentially like the link to the door to get inside of any and send a data. So, have that start creating. We're going to go back into any. We're going to talk about web hooks for a second. So, web hook, we're getting rid of chat message. Add that guy. Hit plus here. Search for web hook again. And you're going to do respond to web hook this time. Keep this all the same. And it should look something like this. Web hook agent web hook. Like I talked about before, this web hook is what's taking the data from lovable and sending it to our agent. So whatever I say to lovable over here on our web page, it's going to get sent to here. The AI agent's going to act just like it normally does. And then it's going to send data back over here. And so from lovable to the agent back to lovable, right? Imagine this chat message is lovable, right? You got this little circle of data flowing back and forth. Now this web hook could be anything, right? Like I said before, this could be a Slack trigger. This could be Telegram, whatever. What's important is anytime you change the trigger or where data is coming from, like what data is kickstarting your AI agent, there's two things you always need to think about because they're probably going to need to be edited. One is going to be inside here inside the AI agent and one is going to be inside the memory. So inside the AI agent, you have the s the source for prompt. Now for our last five lessons, these have always been the chat trigger node, but that's going to change now because it's obviously not coming from the chat trigger. It's going to be defined below and it's going to have to be something that goes in here. Now, what is that something going to be? I'll show you later. We can switch it back to chat for now. Same thing with memory. We need to give it a new session key. So the session key is like a tag for every conversation you have with it. So it kind of remembers what conversation was what. Normally it's automatically done via the chat trigger node. But again, we're going to have to do define below and give it a key, right? What that key will be depends. We'll dive into that in a second. Again, you can put it back to chat trigger for now. That noise, I'm not sure if it came through, was lovable, telling us, hey, we're done. Boom. Okay, here it is. Here's our little AI assistant. This is, think of the chat window we had before in edit. now on this web page, right? This is a very simplistic version. This could be we could really spruce this up, but we're just keeping it simple for now. So, what's going to happen? I'm going to tell you what's going to happen. We're going to send in a message and an error is going to occur. And then we're going to go through some troubleshooting steps and show you where the data should be going. Now, the first thing you want to do with level because it always screws this up every time. Go to production URL, copy this again, and tell it, hey, make sure the data is going to loable through this web hook. So I said, "Hey, make sure the messages I send are going through this get web hook because it never does it right the first time. You always have to double check. It'll do a post web hook instead. It always has to be get." So, okay, it says it's implemented. Now, what's going to happen is I'm going to give it a message. And in a perfect world, that message would go to our NAN backend. It would process it like normal, and then would send us a response. But we're going to get an error. And it's expected. So, I said hello. We got an error. And what we want to do is we want to go back into NAN. We want to go to executions and we want to see an error here. Good. I know this is an older one. What are we looking for? We're looking for an error. And I'm not seeing an error. Now, why is that? Okay. So, the actual problem was I hadn't saved my workflow. So, make sure you save your workflow after you do that web hook. Go into lovable, send another message, go back into NM, go to executions, and you're going to see this. You're going to see an error on your last message. Now, why is that? Well, if we go to debug and editor, we see that the web hook got information. But if I click on here, right, remember that we had an issue with our source for the prompt. So, we need to change that to define below. And what the prompt should be is the prompt should be the message. And if I come down here on the left under query, you'll see message. It says hi. We're going to put that in there. That means the prompt is always going to be whatever the message is from lovable. So, I'm saying, hey, whatever this is, whatever message I send, this needs to be the prompt. Easy. Now, same thing with simple memory. We're going to go to define below. Come over here to mapping. Go to web hook. And now we need to figure out what we want to put as a key. Remember, the key needs to be some sort of unique identifier for every conversation. You could have lovable send like a unique ID for every message. But for this, we're just going to use the real IP. So, just drag over this IP over here. Some you just need something that's unique and this works just fine. So now I'm going to save this. I'm going to execute the step and we should see it run normally. And if I scroll down here to the right, you'll see on the bottom the output. Hello, how can I assist you today? So it got the message from lovable and we know it actually gave us a response inside of NAN. So half the battle has already been won. Now what we need to do is we need to figure out, hey, how do we push this data from NADN back to lovable? And the way we do that is going to be through this web hook. But similar to our first troubleshooting steps, we're probably going to see an issue here as well. So what we're going to do is we're going to try to preempt this, right? We're going to go to output. I want you to copy this and we're going to tell Lovable, hey, you're about to get you're going to get responses from NAN that look like this. So I said, hey, NAND is going to give you responses in JSON that look like this. And I copied and pasted the output. This is us just telling lovable, hey, make sure the web page is ready to take the edit end responses and parse it properly, right? Because it might not have done it automatically. So, this is just us preempting it. And once it does its edits, we're going to send the message. So, it said it updated it. So, I come inside here and go to respond to web hook and I hit execute step. It's probably not going to show it yet. And that's okay. So, let's go back. Make sure this is saved. Go to level and let's test it one more time and say hello. I received your message but couldn't generate a response. Back to executions. Let's see the latest one. Now this whole back and forth with troubleshooting and executions. Get used to this. This is what it's like when you are connecting your AI agent to some sort of external source. Whether that's lovable, which tends to be the most finicky, or even something like Slack or Telegram, right? This kind of like initial battle where you're trying to see like where data is going, where it's getting stuck, what needs to be changed. This is just part of the process and it's one you need to get comfortable with and understand if you really want to like start using these for real in production because you're never just going to have these things sitting in any end. You're always going to push it to something external. So just make peace with this sort of like process, right? But this is really what you want, right? Cuz right here, green check marks, green check marks. I know it's working inside of edit end. Like that's if you know your a your agent's working on the back end. That's the most important part. Now we're just like, hey, how can you display what you need to display properly? So I'm going to go to copy to editor again one more time. Unpin is fine. Go into the web hook and I'm just going to copy this one more time and say same thing I said before. Hey, this is what the data is looking like coming out like you need to get ready for it. So um so I said it says there was an error but it's working on the naden back end. The naden output looks like this and I copy pasted it. Right? Similar to our previous message, we're just really trying to get level to fix what it needs to fix. All right. So, it says it added some logging. So, we're just going to try testing it one more time. So, it's still saying it can't receive the response. So, I'm just putting that into the lovable and having it debug. I'm not too worried about this, right? Because I know I know it's working on the back end and that's all that really matters. It's just a lovable problem. But, this is how you do it, right? You're just going to keep going back and forth. you're going to identify what the exact issue is. And if you know it's all green in the back, you know you're on the right path. So, it says, "Hey, I see the issue. The format's different than expected." You know, it really shouldn't be different than expected because I gave it to him, but that's okay. So, it says it fixed it. So, let's try it one last time. Say hello. Boom. Now, we got it working. Hi, I'm there. I'm here to help. What do you need with assistance today? Hey, can you Tell me what happened in Q4. Can't type. So I'm asking, hey, can you tell me what happened to Q4 meeting notes? Let's see if the whole rag functionality is still working. Cool. And then, hey, it gave me the meeting notes. So, hey, we we got this working now. So, I'm going to go back inside of here. I'm going go to the editor. I'm going to save this. So, let's talk about what we did real quick. We took our NAN AI agent and we now just gave it an entire website. If you're unlovable, you can actually go ahead and publish this and or set put it to GitHub and actually talk to it online and have someone else do it, too. But that was just a quick tutorial of how to set this up on an external web page. And that process is pretty much mirrored in any setup where you're putting it somewhere else, right? You're going to change the trigger. Some things will be different for each trigger, right? If I do Slack, for example, right? It'll be like, "Hey, do you want it to trigger on like an instant message or do you want to trigger if it's on a channel, whatever." But the idea that I'm gonna have to go in here and change the prompt and then I'm going to have to go in here and change the memory. Those are the two biggest things that trip up everybody. And the general flow of like, hey, I set it up the first time. I'm going to send data, see what the data looks like, then map it, then push the data back to wherever that is, in this case, lovable, and troubleshoot there. that kind of cyclic troubleshooting process. That's just how it goes, right? Again, you got to kind of fall in love with it a little bit. But as you can see, now we have a web page with our AI agent. We're talking to it outside of NAND, and that's a huge step forward. And so, that is where I'm going to leave you at the end of part six. As you're starting to see, we're just layering more and more functionalities on this. This one might have seemed rather simple, right? we're just talking to it somewhere else. But it's actually really really important because the whole idea of turning these workflows into essentially web apps and SAS projects is huge in the AI agency space in terms of selling these to people. So this is actually really really important even if it seemed rather simple. So as always let me know what you thought of this in the comments. Check out the school if you want more resources and get ready for part seven because we have a lot more coming down the pipe as we continue to make these more and more complex.

=== n8n Masterclass: Build and Sell AI Agents (Part 5: RAG) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T14uTftwhEU

Hey everybody and welcome to part five of my NAND master class where we take you from someone who has no idea what's going on inside of NAND and turn you into somebody who can actually make sophisticated AI agents and even sell them. Now, if you remember in part four, we dove into sub agents, right? We built our own content agent in an entirely different workflow and had these two AI agents talk to one another. Well, in part five, we're going to be stepping up our game a little bit and going into Rag, retrieval augmented generation. And I'm really excited about this one because I think rag is one of the most important tools that you need to wrap your head around if you really want to build robust AI agents. As someone who actually builds and sells AI agents for a living, rag agents are the most popular AI workflow that I sell and I would argue it actually brings people the most value. So, here's the most recent Rag agent that I sold to a client. I actually gave it to him last week. Ended up selling it for $5,000. And you can check out one of my previous videos for a full deep dive of how this works and how to set it up yourself. And obviously I even give away the template for free. But I wanted to show this so we can kind of talk about what Rag actually is and what we need to do to create it because we're just going to create a very simple version for today, right? Like we're all about the basics, all about the fundamentals in this video series and we need to understand how it works at a very base level before we can upgrade and start doing some varsity stuff like this. So first things first, what is RAG? Retrieval augmented generation. Now, when you talk to chat GPT, what information is it using to answer your questions? Well, it's relying on its training data, right? It's been trained on millions and millions and millions and millions, trillions of parameters to answer your questions. But what if I wanted to answer questions that are specific about me or my team or the project I'm working on? What would you do? Well, you would go ahead and you would dump some files into it, right? Like you would put in an Excel file, you would put in a PDF, you would give it documents for it to answer questions about. That is essentially a very simplistic version of rag. So rag means it's going to retrieve a document from some sort of database. It's going to augment its answer based on the documentation and then it's going to generate an answer for you. Rag. Now in this one you're looking at the database it goes to is being is living inside a superbase. And the type of database that's being used is a vector database. Now, I'm not going to go super in deep into vector databases and all the math behind it and highdimensional stuff. Just think of it as a special database that AIS and large language models love because it's easy for them to grab information from there. That's all you really need to understand. Now, the other part you need to understand is how do we get documents from wherever they are, whether that's a Google Drive or on your computer into a vector database that the large language model that our AI agent can actually use. Well, you need some sort of ingestion system. And that's what you see going on here in the red. Now the long story short of this is we start inside of a Google drive. These documents then get tagged. They get a bunch of metadata sent to them. We extract the text and then it's put into our vector database. Now one thing of note when going inside a vector database the way it works is imagine I had a 100page PDF. When it goes into the database it doesn't sit there as a 100page document, right? That would be a lot of text for it to constantly go through to find the answer. Instead what happens is it gets chunked. And you kind of can see that here at the bottom with the character text splitter. Basically, every 500, 750, a thousand characters, that document gets chunked up into little bite-sized pieces that then all go into the vector database. And because it's in small pieces, it's easier and it's quicker for the AI to be able to find the text we need to answer our question. So, it's a speed thing. So, that is something you need to know because it does have its pros and cons, right? On one hand, we get speed, but sometimes it gives us a loss of accuracy, right? You can start thinking about well how is it going to know the right answer if I shove a giant Excel file into there that's thousands of rows and hundreds of columns like if it's chunked up how does it actually have context everything great question and you are just starting to get into the deep waters that is rag and some of the intricacies with it but for today we're just going to stick with the basics which is just like Google Docs and PDFs and putting information into a database and then having AI retrieve it right once you get your hands on that then you can start trying to do some uh highle stuff with like large Excel files and putting in SQL, right? It goes it goes kind of deep. But I say all that just to let you understand what's kind of going on under the hood, right? We're going to have some documents that we want our AI to know about. We need to put them into a database. And so, we need some sort of ingestion system. Once the documents are inside the database, then we just need to add some sort of tool to call on it. And that's what you see here in the Superbase vector store, right? It's now going to be it. we now just give it a tool that says, "Hey, go call on that database whenever I ask you a question about X, Y, or Z, right?" And that's what it's going to do. And then we we might even go into some reranker stuff as well. We probably will. We'll see how we're doing on time. Um, but that's what we're going to be doing in a nutshell. We're going to be building an ingestion system for Rag and then we're actually going to have our AI agent call on that rag to answer questions. And this is super important, right? It be it should be kind of obvious as to why you should care about this, right? You can now essentially take chat GPT, you can take your AI agent, you can plug it into your business, into your project, into your life, and it's going to be able to do things that aren't just limited to its training data, right? It's going to know about your documents, going to know about your project, and can actually act as a member of your team and drive a ton of value that way. And if you're someone who wants to sell these sorts of things, almost everybody wants some sort of rag element inside of their AI agent, right? So, you really need to like understand how this works and know how to implement it. And that's what we're going to do today. Okay, so here we are with our orchestrator and we are going to be adding a rag system to it. Both the ingestion and the ability to actually answer questions based on the documents inside. Now there's two big thirdparty applications that you will see people use for rag in the context of any it's going to be superbase and pine cone. The last example you saw superbase and today's we're going to do pine cone because I think it's a little more beginner friendly and easier to understand but the fundamentals between the two of them remain the same. And for the ingestion system we are going to be using Google Drive. So, we are going to be putting files into a special rag folder inside of Google Drive, which is going to go into our Pine Cone database, which our AI agent will then be able to query. So, that's what we're going to do today. So, first things first, we are going to go to Pine Cone and create an account. So, you're going to go to pine cone.io. You are going to sign up. Go ahead, continue with Google or whatever you want. And you should see a page that looks like this. If you don't see it, go to the left, go to databases, and go to indexes. And so, we are going to create an index. So create index. Call it whatever you want. I'm just going to call mine, we'll call mine part five. For the configuration, you know, we have all these different configurations. What you're going to do is you're going to do text embedding three small. Just click that. We're going to scroll down. You can keep it serverless. AWS is fine. For region, we'll just stick with US East 2. And then we're just going to create our index. And yeah, you should be on the starter plan, which is just the free trial or the free tier. Hit create. And just like that, we've created the bones of our vector database inside of Pine Code. Now, we're going to have to actually connect it inside of Naden. So, I want you to go to the left where it says API keys. Click on that. We're going to create a new API key. I'll call mine part five. Call mine I'll call mine part five demo. Create our key. Copy it. And let's go back inside of Nen. So, we're going to go ahead and just add the tool right now. So we can connect our account. Search for Pine Cone. You'll see Pine Cone Vector Store. Select credential. Create new credential. Pop that key in there. Hit save. We're now connected to Pine Cone. Easy. Now, we'll come back here a little bit later, so you don't need to worry about this yet. But we have our account set up, which is nice. Okay. Next, we're going to do the injection system. So, we can actually get documents from Google Drive into Pine Code. So, how are we going to do that? Well, let's search for Google Drive. And what we are going to want is we're going to want a trigger. So, on the bottom left, we're going to do on changes involving a specific folder because we're going to create a folder inside of Google Drive. That's going to be our little rag folder. So, now that we have this up, let's go inside of Google Drive. And once you're inside Google Drive, we are going to go do new on the top left. We're going to do new folder. I'm going to call mine part five demo. I'm going create this. So this part five demo is the folder that we are going to dump all of our rag documentation in. So we're not going to put it in yet. I'll kind of tell you why in a second, but we just wanted this to be created. So next, let's go back into nen. A lot of back and forth today. And we just want to select that folder. So folder from list call mine demo and part five demo. And what we want to watch for, we want to watch when a file is created inside of the folder, right? That's what we want. Okay. Once you create your Google Drive trigger, what you're going to do is we're going to hop into our demo, our little demo folder we created for Rag. And then I want you just just put in one file at first. I don't want you to put in more than one. We're just going to drag in one. Right. Once you do that, hop back into n. Click into the trigger and hit fetch test event. And you'll see it grabbed that one file we put in there. I want you to pin this data. So come up to the right. You're going to pin that. And that way we can use this for the rest of our injection workflow. So what happens is once the trigger occurs, we now need to download the file. So search for Google Drive. And you're going to go to download a file. Once inside here, the file you're going to download is going to be by ID and the ID it's going to be here on the left. So as you scroll down, it's going to be underneath kind and it's going to say ID. So it'll say kind ID then name. So this ID drag into there. So it should be JSON ID. We're then going to execute step and you should see it populate over here on the right. You should see should be called data. You should see the file name, file extension, and all this stuff. Cool. So now I've downloaded that file. Now you have to imagine this is on active. It'll do it for all the things you do, right? Not just one item. It'll do it for 2, three, four, five, as many documents as you put in there, but we're just testing it with one to start. Next up, we're going to add Pine Cone Vector Store. And we're going to do add documents to vector store. So this is where we actually put it in to our vector database. So we're going to be inserting documents. Which one are we doing from a list? So, we're going to pick the one we created. So, we're going to be inserting documents. The index is going to be the one we just created. So, for me, it's called part five. Embedding batch size. You can keep it at 200 for now. That's how many documents it can take in there. Max. We're just doing one, so we're totally good. Then, we're also going to do pine cone name space. So a namespace is think of it as a if the vector database is a house inside of pine cone right the database is a house the name spaces are different rooms and each room you can give them a special namespace so you can have one for in my example be meeting notes cuz everything I'm putting in there today is going to be meeting notes you could have it be called anything else you want it just makes it a little bit easier for the AI to be able to like go through the maze that is the rag system and the rag database and find where your documents are. So if you ask it a question about meeting notes, it's like, "Oh, cool. Let me go check the meeting notes name space." So we're going to call it meeting notes and then we're going to execute step and we did not do an embedding sub node. Love that. So we're going to come over here to the left the left one embedding. Click that. You're going to go to embeddings open AI and we're going to do text embedding three small which is the same setting we had when we created pine cone. Okay. Then we need to go to document loaders. We're going to do default data loader. And then for type of data, we're going to do binary. And then we're going to do load all input data. Automatically detect the mime type and text splitting. We'll keep it simple. Now let's go into pine cone vector store. And so it should be pine cone index part 5 insert documents 200 meeting notes. Let's execute. Okay, looks like we got some sort of error here. You might have gotten the same thing where it says vector dimension 1536 does not match the dimension of 512. That's okay. Okay, there's an easy fix for that. I think Pine Cone did a recent update cuz it used to, I think, automatically um default to the same dimensions. All that means is we had a problem here in our embeddings. So, we're going to go to embeddings and we're going to go to dimensions and we're going to switch this to 512. So, that's all that's going to happen. We're just going to match this dimensions with what it's telling us is going on inside of Pine Cone. If we go into Pine Cone real quick, um where is Pine Cone? We see right here. See where it says dimensions 512. We just have to make sure that matches with our embeddings. And it didn't match at that point. So that's okay. Easy fix. Come back in here. Once you set that to 512, just go ahead and run it one more time. So there we go. It was successful. And now if we go back inside of Pine Cone, this is what we should see, right? We should see records. We should now see a name space that says meeting notes. And we should see two hits, right? because it divided our um document, our our PDF into two different chunks, right? Remember how we talked about chunking before. So, this is what you should see. If you don't see it right away, just give it a second and refresh the page. But we now have a document inside of our rag system. So, now let's go back to NAN. And what we have now is we've successfully set up our injection system. Once we set it to active, it's going to automatically grab everything. But now, what we want to do is we want to set up the actual tool. So click into here and now we're just going to say um give it a description probably something to do with the notes you have. So um description grab meeting no data from database. What index do we want? We want part five. Next we have limit. And that's you saying well how many snippets of data? How many chunks do you want it to grab every time we ask it a question? Right? So obviously you don't want too little, but you also don't want too much. So we'll stick with four for now. That'll be good. For rerank, we'll leave that blank for now. And for options, we can actually add the name space. So I called mine meeting notes. So if you had some sort of AI agent that you know you only want it dealing with a specific name space inside of your vector database, this is where you would put it. So right now, we're just only working with meeting notes. So I'm just going to put meeting notes. Then for embedding, same one as Whoops. same one as before. So we're going to do not oama, we're going to do open AI when text embedding three small and then make sure those dimensions match which for us is 512. So what I want you to do now is we just can save it and let's just update our system prompt again. Every time we add a new tool, we're going to add a new prompt. So, we're going to say pine cone vector store, use this tool to query the pine cone vector database to answer questions about meeting notes. So, ingestion system done, tool added, system prompt updated. Now, what do we do? Now, we test. Now again, this has all been very very basic. We've added one item. We gave it a very specific name space. So we've really set oursel up for success here. So what I want you to do is ask it a specific question about whatever document you gave it and see what sort of answer it gives you because remember it's now looking at documents. It's not looking at trading data or anything else. So we're going to open the chat and let me remember which see which one I put in there. I put in Q1 product launch. What's even in this document? Um So, let's ask what's our Q1 marketing and sales strategy here. What is our Q1 marketing and sales strategy? And let's see if it works on the first attempt. Boom. Orchestrator hits the model. Perfect. It hit the Vine Pine Cone Vector store. So, we know it went inside of that vector database and actually try to find some answers. So, let's pull this up. Q1 marketing sales Davis. KPI will be unit uh user acquisition cost. All this sorts of stuff even goes into action items. Now, does that match? Yep, sure looks like it. So, great. First try, it totally worked. You know, didn't run into any errors whatsoever. I'm sure you didn't either. Um, so yeah, that's rag in action. So, let's try to like beef this up a little bit. Let's now run it with all the documents, right? We're going to put all the documents in there now. So, come to this Google Drive trigger. Get rid of this pin. I want you to save this. I want you to set it to active. So, now that trigger is just waiting. It's waiting to see if we add any documents. So, we're going to come inside here. I now want you to take your other documents that you have, whether that's 10 documents, whatever, and we're going to put it in here, right? Dump them all in at once. And now what should happen as these uploads occur? If we go inside our workflow, if we go to executions, we should see here on the left, there we go. Right, it running. So, it noticed, hey, it just added some stuff. Um, so we're going to be able to see if it actually grabbed all the documents that we added. And how many documents did I add? I added three items. And what do we see down here? Three. Three. Added them. We go into Pine Cone. Have to wait a little bit for it to update. So, let's refresh this guy. Mine going can be a little little slow sometimes. But here we go. See, we see a lot more a lot more has been added. Good, good, good, good, good. So, what did we just prove? We just proved that our ingestion system is working as advertised even when it's set to active. So, anytime we throw something in there, it's going to do what it needs to do. Now, it worked just fine when we did one document, right? What happens if we add more documents like we just did and more documents? What if I had a thousand documents in there? How accurate is it going to be? Depends. Right? This is a very very simple um implementation of rag, right? When I showed you earlier this one, obviously you can see there's a lot going on in system and that's to make it more accurate. We're adding metadata. We're tagging what article it's coming from. We're making sure all the chunks point back to the same document. We even link the document. We answer questions, right? That's the level we're eventually going to get to and you can check out the videos if you want to see that in action. But what you will notice is the more documents you get, sometimes it becomes less accurate, right? And that's just a function of that chunking system. But one way we can get around that is with reranking. What is reranking? Well, we're going to click this. We're going to click rerank results. We're going to come here to the reranker. We're going to click that button. We're going to do reranker cohhere. We are going to use reranker cohhere now. Uh we're going to go to cohhere.com. We're do that right now. And you're going to sign up. you are going to need to give it some sort of billing. The amount it's going to cost you every single time you run this. It's a pay as you go is one of one cent. That's how much it's going to cost you. So scr up whatever change what change you have, you know, call in some favors, but you're going to need to do this. And you're going to go to um dashboard. So go to dashboard.co.com. Should look like this. Come to the left. You're going to go to API keys. Create some sort of production key that you need. So, I'll create a new one call part five demo. And I'll explain exactly what cohhere does in a second. But you're going to create a production key. You're going to copy it. We're going to go back into edit end. We're going to create a new credential inside of Coher, right? Just paste the API key in. Done. Easy. Easy. Now, what did we just do? I just ran you through that really fast. We added reranker coher to our pine cone system. What does that actually mean in reality? So let's go back to executions real quick and I want you to go back to where we answered our first question. Right? Remember when I asked that question about the single document we had? Should look something like this. If you click into pine cone vector store, right? We can see the logs, right? And we can see what it grabbed. So we just had one document in there, right? So, it grabbed the two chunks it had and it was easy for it to do it. But if we had a thousand documents in there, it would have grabbed four total chunks based on our limit. And it's going to grab those not at random. It's doing the best it can with what it has, but it just grabs the four chunks it thinks are good and then it just goes with it. Its speed and its cost are what it prioritizes, right? It wants to be fast and it wants to be cheap. What re-ranker does is we're still going to grab a certain amount of snippets. We're actually going to increase the amount that we grab, right? We'll actually increase that to like 10. Well, in this case, I only have eight in there, so I'll increase mine to eight. But it takes those snippets and then before just sending off an answer, it then ranks them. It ranks them based on how relevant it thinks each snippet is, each chunk is to our answer. And right, you might think, well, why doesn't Ragg do that in the beginning? Well, remember what I said? It's prioritizing speed and cost. And Ranker adds a little bit of time to it and adds a little bit of cost. They're both small, but at scale, imagine these things add up. But we want to be accurate. So we're adding reranker coher. So that's what we've done. So now that we have that in our pocket, want you go to pine cone vector store. We're going to increase this limit. For me, it's going to be eight. So that should grab pretty much everything. And now I want you to ask it. You can even ask it the same question if you want or whatever you want to do. Ask it some question about something. I'm going to ask D. What is What is our Q1 strategy? Now, this one's kind of vague, too, because am I asking about the Q1 meeting notes or am I asking about Q4 meeting notes talking about the next quarter, right? So, we'll see how it does with sort of this vague prompt. So, it gave me some key points. Hey, back to uh Khloe Davis. So, it has that user feedback. But what I care about right now, this was actually correct answer. What we care about is let's look into here and let's kind of see what these responses look like. So once I'm in here, if I go to logs and I go to rerank or co here, you can kind of see what's happening here. So the input is the the input are the initial snippets, the initial chunks that it grabbed, right? These are the first eight chunks or however many chunks it grabbed. I think it grabbed one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Okay, so it grabbed eight. So it grabbed the eight that it thinks is relevant. and then cohhere. What it does is it takes those eight and it gives it a relevant score. So you see that right here, right? Relevant score 67, relevant score.7, right? So it grabbed the top two that it thought were relevant to the actual answer. And lo and behold, they're ones that actually talk about Q1 stuff, right? So actually got three of them. So 67.7. So, Ranker just allows us to take the best of what we grab, which gives us more accurate answers, which is why you should always be adding reranker cohhere to your rag systems. And also know that ranker coher is a relatively new addition to N8 just in the last month. So, if you're using it, consider yourself ahead of the curve. So, we're going to save this. And this is where I'm going to leave you at the end of part five with us setting up vector databases, setting up rag. Again, we did a very simple implementation. We just asked it a couple questions, but in the next lesson, we're going to tie this all together, right? We've done some content stuff. We've done some rag stuff. Well, guess what we're going to do next? We're going to smash those together. We're going to add some documents to our rag database that we want to create content on. So, that's what I want you to think about. What would you in reality want to create content on, right? Or we'll do some LinkedIn posts again, but what do you want it to be about? Right? Maybe it's something about your business, maybe about something you actually care about. Think about that and then go add them to your database. go add them to your rag system, right? Start getting this up and ready to go. We'll go through it in part six. But that's where we're headed, right? We're headed to not just knowing what rag does in a vacuum, which is kind of what we did here. We're actually going to integrate it into the system we've been building on. So, that's going to be part six. I hope you guys like part five. As always, let me know what you thought about it in the comments. And you can get tons of resources on my school if you haven't already checked that out already. and I'll see you

=== 5 Minute n8n Guide to Self Hosting (Hostinger Edition) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSViy-8qAU8

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to be showing you how quick and easy it is to self-host your NAND instance using Hostinger. Now, why Hostinger? Well, they don't pay me or anything. I kind of wish they did. Um, but the reason I'm choosing Hostinger for this lesson is because I have found it to be the quickest and easiest platform for doing this, not just for yourself, but also for client onboarding when you're creating N&M projects for them. And so, that's why I'll be using Hostinger to demo how to self-host in today's lesson. But before we go into the tutorial, let's talk about why you should sell posts because there's two big reasons. Reason number one is price and reason number two is flexibility. Now, first things first, price, what everyone cares about. N if we are doing it monthly, you really have two options, the starter and the pro. Most people are going to do the starter. We're looking at 24 bucks a month for 2500 executions and you get five active workflows at a time. As for Hostinger, the similar plan is going to be $9.99 a month and we're getting unlimited executions and unlimited active workflows. And so for those of you doing math at home, that's less than half the cost with more executions and more active workflows. So in terms of price, Hostinger definitely wins. Now let's talk about flexibility. What do I mean by flexibility? Well, first of all, when you decide to self-host, you then get to decide where your data goes, right? In this case, we're using Hostinger, but you have a number of different options available to you. Also, we have more flexibility when it comes to what we actually do inside of NADN because NADN, the native version on the NAND cloud, does not give us access to as many community nodes. Now, what are community nodes? Those are nodes that people in the NAND community have created on their own to use inside of NAND, but they aren't officially approved by NAND themselves, which means I can't use them on the official NAND cloud, even if they work, even if they're super useful. But if I'm self-hosting, I can use them all I want. And for example, here on this GitHub page, awesome-N, you can see the top 100 community notes, NN on a day-by-day basis. We're talking about things for WhatsApp, Zolo, Chatwoot, right? There's tons of different things that you probably need access to if you're running in any sort of AI agency that are only available on these community nodes. So, that's also a huge boon for people who decide to self-host. So to recap, it's cheaper, I get more executions, I get more active workflows, and it's more flexible in terms of the amount of community nodes I get. Why doesn't everybody self-host? Well, simply, it's just easier to use the NAN cloud, right? Like, I just go on here, I click start free trial, I give them some money, I know the cloud's going to work. It's super easy to update. I don't have to think about it. So ease of use is the biggest reason. Self-hosting, some platforms are a little more difficult than others, but Hostinger, and the reason why I talked about before, it's super super easy. We're going to knock this out in less than 5 minutes and then you're going to be up and running. So, let's dive into it. And you're just going to go to hostinger.com. There's a link down below. And you're going to create an account and get started. So, once we're in Hostinger, we're going to go to my account. You're going to create a new account with you guys. So, I'm just going to go and sign in through Google. We'll hit continue. Then we're going to come over here on the left and we're going to click VPS. We're going to do KVM VPS. We're going to hit get now. the operating system, you're going to type in N8N and you're going to pick this one on the left that just shows N8N with a thumbs up, not the workflows, not the Q mode. Hit select. Also, in ter terms of your server location, just pick something that's near you, which has the lowest latency. We'll hit next. Malware scanner, you can keep that. Um, it could be free. So, for your root password, you need to choose something that makes sense for you and it has to be like 14 characters long. just go ahead and pick one, but also write it down, have it available for use cuz you're going to need it later at some point. Then we'll go to next. Now, you're going to choose your plan. I suggest just doing the $699, the KVM2. That'll give you enough power for what you need. Then, once you get here, you're just going to have to give your payment information and submit it. Now, once you set up your payment, it's then going to create the server for you. It's going to take a couple minutes. Then, you're going to see a button that says go to the dashboard. You're going to click that and you're going to get to a page that looks like this. Then you're going to click on manage next to your NAND server. You can skip this. Now once you're here, you're going to hit manage app. And this is going to take you to your NADN home screen. Give it your account information. Do a login, do a password, and then go ahead after you do all that. Make sure you get the activation key. It should pop up in your email. Once you see that, you just click the link and it's going to activate your NAND server for you. And just like that, you have your NAND self-hosted server up and running. But let me show you real quick how you can actually update your NAND instance. So you're going to come back here to Hostinger and you are going to go to browser terminal. You're going to click the terminal and this very frightening page with all this code looking stuff is going to pop up. But there's only a couple things you have to put in there. So once you're inside here, you're just going to write docker compose pole. And this is going to download the latest version of naden. So you're going to hit that and you should see something like this. If you don't see this, it's because you're already on the most updated version of Nitn. But just remember these commands. So every week or so, you can come in here and actually update it. And I'll put all these commands in the school as well. Right. Once we've downloaded, we need to essentially restart the server. So once all the polls are complete, you're going to do docker compose down. And once that's been done, you're then lastly going to docker compose up. and then D. And now your N&NN server has been updated and is ready to go. So hop on back in. All right. Now that you're inside your self-hosted server, let's talk about how you can get those community nodes I was talking about. So I want you to go down to the left where it says settings. So the three dots to the right of your name on the bottom left, hit settings. Go to community nodes. And then here is where you can get new nodes. So you're going to come up to the right where it says install. And here you just need to put in the package name. So there's a couple ways you can find them. You can just click this and go to browse. And this is the official place to find all the community nodes, right? You can have it sorted by, you know, how popular they are, most downloaded, whatever. Or you can go ahead and check out that GitHub I showed you too where it's actually has it broken down by like type. So communication nodes, document nodes, brow browser automation, all that stuff. You click inside there and it will bring you to the actual npm page. And so then to use something like this, what would we do? We're just going to copy this right up here in the top right. Come back into naden. Paste that in there. Hit I understand. And then you just install it and it's actually going to install the node for you. So then you can then begin using it in your own workflows. That easy. And so there you have it. To recap, we talked about why you should self-host, pricing, and flexibility. Then we actually went through the hostinger setup to self-host your own NAND server on your own. And as you saw, really, really quick, takes under five minutes. And that's the same sequence I use with my clients, right? Anytime I have a NN workflow that I'm creating for someone, I actually have them go through this process of creating their own self-hosted server on Hostinger. So, they really own everything that's going on in there. So, hope that was easy. Leave any questions you have in the comments and good luck setting up your own self-hosted server.

=== n8n Masterclass: Build and Sell AI Agents (Part 4: Sub-Agents) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjIG5_TYzIM

Hey everyone and welcome to part four of my master class series where I take you from someone who has no idea what NAND or any sort of low code tools are and turn you into somebody who can actually speak somewhat intelligently about AI agents and maybe even learn how to sell a few of them. So in the first three parts what did we do? Well, we did everything from getting started on any signing up, talking about self-hosting to deep diving into things like system messages, APIs, HTTP requests, and actually hooking up a bunch of credentials and creating what you see here, a very basic AI agent. Now, in part four, we're going to continue building upon this, and we're finally going to dive into sub agents and actually do a little content creation. Now, what is sub agents? Well, that means we're going to create a second AI agent that actually acts as a tool for our main AI agent, right? And this is going to help you see how you can use agents on top of agents on top of agents and get some really sophisticated AI agent ecosystems created. And that sub agent we're going to create today is going to be a content creation AI agent, AI workflow. And I think it's really useful because content creation is something people are always asking for when it comes to the AI workflows that I actually sell my own AI agency. The big three are like rag AI agents, lead generation, and content creation. So if this is a space that you ever want to like start selling and making money in, you need to understand how to create AI systems that can create content that sounds good. And so we're going to dive into that today. As always, I suggest you do the first three parts before you start here since all these lessons kind of build upon one another. But if you're a little more advanced, I'm sure you can keep up and kind of figure out what's going on along the way. So, let's talk about sub agents. Now, there's a couple ways we can go about this, right? So, imagine that we have this second agent and we call this guy content creation. Content creation. Now, there's two ways you can approach sub agents. You can either have them in the same canvas like I do here. That is the worst way to do it, but it is possible. The second way to do it would be if I come over here to the left, I click on personal. I can create another workflow. So, create a new workflow. I copy that guy in there. And we can set it up. So, this workflow, which I will name content content sub agent, we can set it up. So this workflow and this workflow actually talk to one another, right? We can have it. So we chat with this agent up here and it just sends stuff to this guy and we never even look at it and it does everything we need to do and they talk back and forth to one another. Now why do I say this is the worst way to do it? Because we could have the sub agent sit here inside the same canvas and they could talk to one another that way as well. But one of the best things about NAD is how modular it is, right? So imagine that this was our content sub agent, right? It's doing content for us, all sorts of things. Well, what if I wanted it to hook it up to like another orchestration agent? I didn't want that content agent just to talk with this guy. I want him to talk with a bunch of different other agents. Well, if I have it in its own workflow, I can kind of attach it to as many different agents as I want, right? It becomes very plugandplay. I can use it for my own stuff. I can use it as a blueprint for, you know, client work, right? So my suggestion is whenever you have the chance to break up these workflows into separate structures and different workflows and have them talk to them that way. Do it right. It's not going to look as cool, right? All the ones you see on social media have like, you know, and my do this too sometimes have like 30 of these and it looks crazy. You're like, "Wow, this must be a super cool AI agent." The sad truth is that it actually is worse and it doesn't actually perform as well. What you want is you want it to be modular because it becomes much more flexible and it's also easier to troubleshoot. So, I'm going to show you the right way to do it. So, we're going to get rid of all these guys. And what we'll probably do is we'll probably create it just like this so we have it all on one page and then we'll just copy and paste it over just so it's easier for me to teach you what's going on and how they interact. But just wanted to get that out of the way so you understand what the best practices are when it comes to creating sub agents and keeping things modular and flexible. So let's do that. Let's create a little sub aent here. So I'm going to delete this guy. Now I'm going to search for AI agent, right? Which is just agents all the way down. Now first question should be what is the trigger going to be for this guy? How are these two guys going to talk? Because we have the chat message here, but we can't have a chat message here. We never actually want to talk to this guy explicitly. We want to talk to our orchestration agent. We're going to call this guy the orchestrator, right? We want our orchestrator to talk with our content sub agent. How does that happen? Well, it's going to happen by a different trigger and it's going to be when executed by another workflow. When called on by another workflow. So right down here on the right, when executed by another workflow, we're going to click on that and we connect these guys. So this means this trigger will start this AI agent working when it's executed by another workflow. And so how that works is now we have to add another tool here and you're going to use the call naden workflow tool, right? And then this is where you would describe the tool and then I'll show you later how you actually connect it. But that's how the connection works. The main orchestrator agent will have a call ending in workflow tool. And when that tool is used, it hits this guy when executed by another workflow. And that's how they talk to one another. Okay, easy. So we have when executed by another workflow. It's same thing as before. We're going to need some sort of chat model, right? So we're just going to keep it basic. We're going to stick with open AI 4.1 mini. Can never go wrong with that. Memory. Do we need memory for our sub agents? Right? If we have some sort of AI agents that are acting as these tools for other agents, do we need memory? Not really. You usually don't because like I said, you're never really talking to this guy one-on-one. I don't need it to remember any sort of conversation. I just need it to do things. So often times you can just skip memory entirely and just worry about a chat model and then the actual tools it's going to use. And on that note, let's talk about the tools. What kind of content do we want this content agent to do? Well, let's imagine we wanted to create some sort of like blog post. you know, something either on your website or maybe you have some sort of email newsletter or maybe you're trying to post things on LinkedIn. So, there's a couple things we're going to want, right? We want some way to write the actual article. We probably want some way to research information about the article, right? So, we need research. We need something to actually write it. And then we also probably want some sort of like image creation. That might be something we want to think about. We'll start it simple. We'll just have it actually write stuff and research stuff for us. and then we'll show it actually talking to one another. So, we are going to want some sort of way to research things for our content. And luckily, guess what we did last time? We already created a node for doing research. So, what we're going to do is we're actually going to take this tool away. I don't need my orchestrator to do this research. We're going to bring it down here and we're going to use this as part of our sub agent. So, Tavly is what is what is going to be doing the research for us. We're going to give it some sort of niche and it's going to do all the research. So, we can research a topic. How do we want it to actually write? Well, let's say we wanted to do those goofy LinkedIn style post. Everyone knows what those look like, right? So, to do that, we're going to go to Gemini. Go to whatever AI of your choice they need. And you're just going to say, "Hey, you're going to say that you need a system message for a content creation AI agent. It has access to a Tavly tool to research, you know, topics that you want to write about. And you want all the writing done in LinkedIn style." Okay. Okay, so I hopped inside of Gemini and said, "I need help writing a system message for my NAN AI agent. I need a system message for a content creation AI agent. Its purpose is to research topics I give it. It has access to the tablet tool to conduct research and then write a LinkedIn style post based on that research." And so here's what it's spit out for me. I always rely on AI honestly to write my system messages for the most part. Even if I go in and end up editing them, it gives me a good place to start. So it wrote me all this stuff. You're a world-class senior content strategist and LinkedIn expert structure and tone content engagement right workflow summary receive topic utilize tavly synthesize draft present perfect so I'm just going to copy this and again you you give it whatever prompt you want to copy this guy back in here we're going to go to system message expression we'll open this up so you can see it better and we put it in there. So now it knows I want really goofy LinkedIn style posts and I want you to research all the topics vital. So it has the tool, it has the instructions, but if I told it to do it, nothing's going to happen, right? Because if I come in here, notice what we have here. Source for prompt user message. So it says connected chat trigger node. Obviously this doesn't have a connected chat trigger node. So we have to do define below. But what do I put here? There's nothing here at all. I don't know what to do. Well, what we're going to do is we're actually going to back out. And this is a good time to talk about pinning data. Pinning data because it's a very important thing that you really need to get the habit and really get into the habit of when you're creating these workflows. So, what do I mean by that? So, we're going to click into here when executed by another workflow. And what I want to do is I want to test this out to make sure it's working. But I just want to test right this little sub agent. I don't want to test the whole thing. I don't want to talk with the orchestrator. I just want to make sure this little sub agent is working. How do I do that? So, first of all, when you're doing when execute by another workflow, the input data, we're just going to have it accept all data. That just means everything coming from the main agent up top is going to flow into this bottom agent. And then I want you to click this little pencil on the right, edit the output. So, this is where you're able to put in essentially fake data for testing. So, I'm going to delete this first part. I'm going to delete this this as well. And so it should just say name colon first item. So we're going to change this to query. And here we're just going to put a pretend topic we wanted to write about. So we're going to put AI agents in the workplace. Then we're going to put save. Now if I back out, you'll see this little pin button. It's outlined in purple. That means whenever I run this AI agent down here for testing purposes, it's always going to use that data. It's going to pretend like I told the main agent, hey, I want you to write a topic about AI agents in the workplace. This is very, very useful when you get very long complicated workflows and you don't want to constantly run it every single time you test, right? Because imagine if, well, it actually would. Imagine if it cost a lot of money for me to send this request down here, right? I wouldn't want to do that all the time. So, I just pin the data where I need to test it. Now, back into here, prompt define below. Remember, the prompt is what we're actually going to have it act on. The system message is the internal instructions, but what's the actual specific instructions for this instance that it needs to act on? Well, it's going to be this query, right? AI agents in the workplace. So, we need to map this data here. So, we're going to pull this in here. It's going to automatically switch it to expression. And now, the prompt is AI agents in the workplace. So this AI agent will now say hey my internal instructions are to be a LinkedIn content you know engineer whatever you want to call it and my job for today is to create something on AI agents in the workplace and if I were to give it a different request this is where it would fill in right so this idea of always mapping the correct thing to the prompt to the user message is very very important and it's something you're going to see us doing over and over and over again. So really try to internalize what we just did. So now that we have that, now let's actually test it. So we're just going to hit execute step up here and we'll be able to see what sort of output it gave us. Right? So here's the output. AI agents are transforming the workplace. Are you ready? And you see it go into that standard LinkedIn cadence type post complete with hashtags. So we now just created a little content sub agent that writes LinkedIn posts for us. Um yeah, here's the output again. Does all the emojis. Very cool. When we look at the logs, we can also see, hey, it did the Tavly search. So, it searched for AI agents in the workplace, blah blah blah blah blah. And we can see all the different articles it hit and what was actually inside those articles. So, now let's test it out from the top with the orchestrator because we know that it works with our fake data, right? So, we're going to go inside here. We're going to unpin this. So, I'm just going to unpin that data on the right. And then we want to connect it. So, I'm going to go into call naden workflow. Drag this over here. What do we do? What do we want to call this? Um content creation tool. Call this tool to create LinkedIn posts. We are going to just call this our content tool. Now, where's the source going to be or where's the workflow? So, there's a couple ways to do it. From the list, right? Remember we made that other workflow over here? and called it content sub aent. That's where we would put it. But this one right now is inside the same canvas. So how do we do that? Well, we're just going to do by ID. And then I'm going to come up top here and you see this part of the URL. So it goes slashworkflow slash then all these numbers and letters. That's the workflow ID. So if you ever do something by ID, that's where you find it. So we're going to copy that. Paste that in there. And now it should be good to go. One one last thing. Go inside the orchestrator, right? And we need to edit the system prompt. Anytime you add a new tool, go to the system prompt and edit it. So we got rid of our tablet tool. So we're going to call this content tool and we'll say use this tool to um conduct any sort of content creation including LinkedIn posts. So, that should be good, right? So, let's save this guy. And now what we're going to do is we're going to open the chat message and we're going to test it out. So, see what happens. Tell it to write some sort of article for you. So, um I need you to write a LinkedIn article on AI agents and aviation. So let's see if it does it correctly. Hits the chat model. Add some sort of error with the content tool. So what happened here? So it's saying the workflow doesn't exist. So we must have done something wrong when it came to the workflow ID. So I'm going to stop this some good troubleshooting. Uh workflow by ID. Did I do it wrong? Okay. So here's how we solve that problem. We're just going to go to the content tool and instead of doing it by ID, we're just going to do it from the list. And you're just going to pick the one that it's currently in. So we're currently inside the demo workflow and so just do from list demo. You're then going to save it. And now let's open chat and run it. So write me a LinkedIn article about AI agents and aviation. All right. Hit simple memory hits the content tool. Perfect. And now it's going to work. Now you will notice that while we see all these things running, you're not going to see anything from the sub workflows. It's not going to show any like visualization to see it to see what's actually happening. You either have to go into the logs like right here. See how I can click on content tool and see the query in the output or we go into executions up here and we can dive in there as well and I'll show that here in a second. So gave us our little LinkedIn article blah blah blah blah blah. Awesome. Now I want to see a little bit more about what happened with the content sub agent. So if I click on this guy and I go into logs, right, we can see the content tool. Like I said, here's the query. This is the query that was sent from our orchestrator agent down to our content agent and said, write a LinkedIn article about the role and impact of AI agents in the aviation industry highlighting their applications, benefits, and future potential. Remember, I didn't write that. I just wrote like a article with with planes and agents and it gave it a much, you know, more sophisticated prompt which eventually gave us this output. But what if I want to see exactly what went on in that sub agent? Well, you're going to do this. You're going to see something that says view subexecution 17. So, we're going to click that. It'll say some other number for you. Click that. And then this will automatically take us to the executions page that shows us the sub agent. Remember how before we couldn't see any like visualization of like what was working. Now inside the executions tab we can which is always important to check when things go wrong. In this case it went right. So let's kind of go through it module by module so you can understand what happened. So we click here. As you saw before this was the query that was actually sent down. Remember how before we had put a fake query you know when we pinned the data well this was the real one. If I go inside here we can go to the logs of this agent itself and we can see the tavly search it did. So the tavly search was rolling impact of AI agents in the aviation industry. We can see where it grabbed the information from. We can even see this kind of scores and then we see the final output. Now that's great and all but I wanted to do a little bit more than that. I don't want just the article itself. I want the article to go somewhere. I don't want to have to sit here and chat and deal with that. So, let's take it a step further and tell it, hey, we want a LinkedIn article. And then I want it to email the article to me. So, let's do that. So, I'm going to say, write me a LinkedIn article about AI agents and social media and send it to me in a draft. and send it to me in a drafted email. So remember, I just have to create a draft. Um, you may have to give it the specific email. You remember in part one, part two, we did the whole database with context thing. We'll flush that out eventually, but right now, this is what I want you to send. So, what we're looking for is we want it to hit the content tool, execute everything for creating content, and then actually send it to us in a draft, right? So, we're doing kind of multi- aent multi-steps now. So, execute that workflow. Oh, whoops. Uh, send the chat. Um, so boom, hits the model memory. We should hit it. We should see, yep, content tool. What I don't like is it created a draft right away. So, we'll see what this looks like when we finish. That That would be kind of a system prompt thing we need to play with. So, maybe it will do a second one. We'll see. All right. Right. So, it says it created the article and that it drafted an email addressed to me with the article ready for review. Well, I don't believe you. So, let's take a look. So, it lied to us. It said, "Please find the attached draft of the LinkedIn article and their impact for your convenience." But, it didn't attach anything. So, what what went wrong there? Well, we kind of saw it in action, right? It hit the draft tool before it's actually done with the content. So, how could we fix that? Well, that would be another situation where we go into the system prompt and we just make sure that we spell out how we want these steps to go, right? Because this is what you're going to notice a lot with your AI agents. You give it a lot of tools. It's going to use the tools, but it doesn't always use them in exactly the right order. Now, there's a few ways to do that. One is to be more explicit in the system prompt like we're about to do here. The second one is you use a more powerful model. Right? We're using 4.1 Mini. It's not as smart as 4.1 or as smart as like Claude or even Gemini. So, those are kind of your two paths you can go down when it when it's time to like get things working and you think they should and they're not. But usually the answer is just fix the system prompt. All right. So, what did I write? So, I said whenever I have you create content using the content tool, I want that content included in a drafted email to me. That email draft should contain all the contents of the article created. That draft should not be created until the content tool has completed writing the article. Easy. So, it's a little hamfisted way of doing it. And some of you might also be asking yourself, why do we even have an AI agent doing this as a sub agent? Couldn't we have this be just be an automation where it gets the query, writes the article, and automatically sends it? You would be correct. But then I couldn't demo how to do content sub agents, now could I? So, we have attempted to fix our prompt. So, what we're going to do now is we're going to open the chat window again. Save it. Open the chat window. And I'm actually going to go back to the last one I said. If you come here inside the chat window, you'll see something that says repost message. It's a little like uh circle arrow. If you click that, it's just going to run the same thing again. So, let's do that. Let's see if it actually works this time. Okay. So, there we go. It says it created a draft email with the post. So, let's take a look and see if it actually worked this time. All right. So, here's the recent draft. And this time it actually has the whole thing ready to go. Love it. Right. So, it actually worked this time with a little bit more of a refined system prompt. And again, the system prompt should always be the first place you look when tools just aren't going the way you want. So, love that. Now, what did I talk about before at the beginning? I said how this is the worst way to set up your sub agents. So, let's actually go ahead and fix that. So, all we're going to do, we're just going to copy this. We're then going to go to that content sub agent workflow we made before. Delete this guy. Paste this guy in here. And now this guy lives in his own little workflow which we love. Now the only thing we have to change is we have to go back to this guy. We're going to delete him. We're going to go to the content tool. And remember now it's going to be not in demo but it's going to be in content sub agent. Same as before. I want to save this. Save both of these. And just so we feel good about everything, we're going to run this one more time so you can see how it can actually talk across workflows. So, open chat, write me an article about AI agents. Write me an article about agents. We're not getting pants anymore. So, boom. Chat model content tool. I didn't tell it to write a draft for me, but the draft was be was explicitly said in the email. So, I didn't tell it to write a draft for me, but if you remember in the system message, I say, "Hey, every single time, send that draft." So, let's see if it actually does that, too. And as this is working, we can actually go over to the content sub agent, hit executions, and we can see over here on the left, hey, it actually worked, right? Boom. It got the data, and we can actually click in here and see everything it did. So, hey, these two things are talking to one another. It's that easy. All right. Says it was drafted. Moment of truth. And boom. Here's the draft. Awesome. So, what have we done so far? We've now created sub aents. We have agents talking to each other from workflow to workflow. And we actually have it doing multiple tools at every level of the process, which is pretty neat. And what else did we talk about today? We talked about how you need to edit system messages when things just aren't going your way. And we also talked about how we pin data, how we do fake data, and what we need to do when we have to map things into the user request. And so this is where I'm going to leave you at the end of part four. Now, I hope you are starting to see all the potential there is to have AI agents talking to one another across workflows. Right? I have videos about personal assistant AI agents. And it should be very easy for you to imagine how instead of just having, you know, create a draft email with this guy, we instead had an entire like Gmail suite tool that would call another sub agent that had like draft an email, send an email, delete an email, right? Same thing for calendars, right? Schedule an event, look for an event, you know, blah blah blah blah blah. You could have a ton of different sub aent tools that all have access to a ton of different tools themselves, right? That's where there's a ton of power in these AI agents. But we're starting off very small and very simple so you can understand the foundational basics and we don't just drown in like the very like minutia and the details of the tools themselves. But don't worry, we are going to start diving into a little bit more complex stuff soon in parts 5, 6, 7, and 8, right? We're going to look at stuff like Rag. We're going to look at stuff like voice agents. And we're even going to start looking at like how can we build really cool user interfaces and dashboards using stuff like lovable to like connect this all together and actually make it look like a cohesive SAS product. So really excited for that. We still just got to keep punching through some of the foundational stuff and like really get that base right because it's it's very tempting to just like get ahead of ourselves and start doing the complex stuff first. But these foundational things, system messages, APIs, like how data talks to one another and how it moves through the workflows, that's really the hardest part of all this. So, if you're at this place and you feel like you have a good grasp of that, you're in a really, really good spot. So, let me know what you think of these. Um, stay tuned for part five and I'll see you guys

=== How I Built & Sold a $5,000 RAG AI Agent With n8n ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKsGaJSQdpU

Hello. In today's video, I'm going to be taking you through a RAG AI agent that I just sold to a client for $5,000. And I'm not just going to go through how this AI agent works and how to set it up for yourself. I'm actually going to talk a little bit about the business side of it. How did I figure out the pricing? How did I set this up for the client? How did I actually give this AI agent to the client at the end of the project? We'll talk through all that at the end because I think it's something people often skip over and it's really important if you want to actually build and sell these things. And I think this video is really important, not just to like show off and say, "Hey, I sold this for x thousands of dollars," but because rag AI agents are actually a really important tool in your toolkit. If you're someone who's trying to build their own AI agency and you don't know which workflows to really focus on, because for someone who's actually been in the AI agency game for a little bit now, I would say rag AI agents are by far the most popular AI agent in AI automation that I sell. And why is that? Well, let's think about it. What is Rag again? It's a retrieval augmented generation AI agent which means it's an AI agent that has information about the business, about the project, about your team. So essentially it's like chat GBT has been plugged into your system because all those documents that you want AI to know about is now sitting inside a vector database which the AI agent has access to and can now answer questions about whatever is in there. And that's super valuable to any business and it's also industry agnostic, right? Everyone wants AI that can kind of act like an actual human, an actual member of their team. And Rag is a really good way to do that. And so if you're wondering, hey, what sort of AI agents do I actually need to care about and learn how to build? Rag should be number one on your list. And I think this one that we're going to go through today is a great foundation for you to kind of learn all the big parts of it. And so with that, let's actually jump into it. Starting with the AI agent, we'll do kind of a highle overview of how it works, and then I'll go through it and show you how you would set it up yourself. Okay, so we kind of talked a little bit already about the data piece, right? We're taking data from somewhere inside the business and then it's going inside like a vector database, whatever that is. Like what is all that? Well, it's probably the most important part of this whole thing. And that's what's going on here in the red. Long story short, we're doing data ingestion, right? We're taking documentation from the business and we're putting it inside this database for AI. And so where this client had all of his stuff living was inside a Google Drive. had hundreds and hundreds of Google Docs and PDFs and he wanted it to go inside the database. And that's what's happening here, right? We have a series of triggers set up that are ready to go anytime a file gets edited or added to this folder. And then from there, we're extracting all the information from that file. We're adding some metadata information like what's the title of the document it came from, what's the actual URL of that document so we can reference it later. And then we're extracting the text and sending it to our vector database. Now, I'm not going to go super deep into what vector databases are. There's a lot of really good in-depth videos in there. Alls you need to know is essentially it's a highdimensional database, which means everything that's going in there is essentially being turned into a series of numbers and then it gets put somewhere on a graph where everything's kind of similar. And if that only confused you even more, that's totally okay. All you need to know it's a database and the AI can find stuff in there. And the one other thing you need to know is what happens to the files as it goes inside that database. So what happens is it starts chunking the documents. So what is chunking? Well, imagine I had a document that was a 100 pages long. We don't just take that 100page document and shove it into the database. Instead, we chunk it. And it gets chunked based on a almost arbitrary amount of characters. Usually it's about 750 to a,000. So think every thousand words that becomes a segment and then another segment and then another segment and we throw all those segments into the database. Why do we do that? Because it just makes it easier for large language models and AI to find what it needs when it's chunked up that way. It's quicker. And so that whole process of taking information from place A, in this case Google Drive, tagging it, chunking it, shoving it into the vector database, that's all happening here in the red. And in my client's case, it was several hundred documents. You can do this with thousands and thousands of documents. And so once it's all sitting nice and pretty in our vector database, then we come up here and we can actually interact with it. In my client's case, we actually had it hooked up to chat. We're just using a chat message here just to demo, but he had a Slack chatbot. So this agent lived inside of Slack. You could just like at it and it would actually respond to your questions. And the two things you'll see here is just the superbase vector store and the chat memory. So we are able to save all the chats that go to this AI agent, they're also living in that same kind of vector database ecosystem which is superbase. And we'll go into that in a little more detail later. And then we have the vector store. So anytime someone asks a question that should be able to be found inside the vector database, it's going to call on this vector store tool. And this vector store tool is what allows our AI agent to go inside the database and then try to find the knowledge it wants. Now, something that might be new to you, even if you've done rag in the past, is this re-ranker co here. Now, the re-ranker sub tool, I guess you want to call it, is actually rather new to Naden. It really came on the scene in the last month or so, but it's an awesome tool that makes our rag way more accurate. So, now let's talk about the reranker and how it actually works. So, I ask my AI agent a question. It then goes in the vector database and grabs a certain amount of chunks, let's say 20, that it thinks are relevant to answering my question. Once it does that, the reranker comes in. It's then going to take those 20 chunks and rank them in order of relevancy. And it'll give it a score out of like I think it's several thousand, but basically think, all right, this first one's a 9 out of 10. The second one's an 8.5. This one's a seven. And then it's actually going to take an answer based on the best ones. And that whole process is being done by cohhere. We're actually going to go inside cohhere soon, which is over here. It's an actual third party app. It requires an API key. So, there is a cost associated with it, but it's very, very small. Each question you ask, we're talking like 1/5 of a penny, but it makes our stuff way, way more accurate. Even if it's just slightly slower, you're not going to notice too much of a difference and slightly more expensive. Now, your first question probably is, well, doesn't shouldn't RAG be doing that already? You're telling me it doesn't rerank them? No, it doesn't because it actually overindexes overindexes is it on is an opinion kind of overindexes on speed and cost. But with the reranker, we're saying, "Hey, just slow down a minute. I'll I'll pay a little money. I want my answers to be accurate." And that's what the re-ranker does. So that's the agent in action. That's the tooling. That's the ingestion system. Last part, what's going on down here? What's this whole rag cleanup thing about? So now let's talk about this rag cleanup down here. What's going on here? Well, remember how we said we had this folder inside of Google Drive that has all the files that we want to go inside our vector database, right? Well, they all go inside the vector database, everything's working great. What happens if I delete a file inside that Google folder? Like, I don't want it to be a part of the database anymore. What do we do then? Is it going to be automatically deleted inside of Superbase? No, it's not. And that's why this comes in. And it actually is a huge help because I'll kind of show you later what it looks like inside of Superbase. But remember how it's chunked up? Well, you could have one file could be hundreds of chunks. Do you want to go through all those and delete it one by one and make sure you don't delete anything else that's wrong? No, you don't. And this takes care of it for us. And you can have this on a schedule, run it every day, every 7 days, whatever. This just makes sure our Superbase and our Google Drive are always aligned. And so that's how this is all working. Now remember this template you can get down below in the description and it's going to be set up just like this. What we're going to do now is I'm going to kind of go module by module explain what they do in a little more granular detail and also explain how you can hook up your superbase account, how we deal with Postgress, how we do tables, all that kind of like more technical stuff. So let's dive into that now. All right, first things first, let's take a look at our rag agent. What do we got here? Now remember, we are just using the chat trigger here. So if you were to use a Slackbot or anything else, remember you'd have to change that to define below. Now for the system message. So here's our system prompt. The big thing we care about here is behavior 2. And that's us essentially giving it step-by-step instructions of how to answer questions that have to do with information inside of the database. And really what we're saying is you need to strictly adhere to the context. Don't be making stuff up. Here's what I want you to do if you can't really find an answer. And then also I want you to always site your source, right? What's really nice is we can have it not only answer questions based on the source documentation, but it can link it as well. So someone can be like, "Okay, I want to know a little more. Show me the actual document." We can give them that. So that's it for this guy. All right. Uh for here, for OpenAI, we're just using 4.1 mini. Don't need too much power. Now, Postgress chat memory. Now, for this, we're just connected to the chat trigger node. Remember, if you don't use a chat trigger node, you're going to have to change this key to something else. It's going to depend on what you're using. You'll see a table name here. N chat history. That's going to be by default. And same with context window length number five. Of note, the table when you use this for the first time, it's automatically going to create a table inside of Superbase. And that'll make a little more sense later. Just understand you don't need to do your you don't have to create your own chat table. It does it for you all automatically. Next we have our superbase vector store. All right, use this tool to search the database. Very very simple. Over here the limit. So 20. Remember how I talked about with the code here reranking that it could do like 20 chunks. This could be up to 100 chunks. That's how many chunks it's going to go grab and rank and figure out to answer your question. Anywhere between 10 and 20 I found is fine, but you can change it. Definitely include metadata and definitely include the rerank results. Now for connecting our account, let's kind of just jump into credentials right now. So, if I want to create a new credential, we need your host and you need your service role secret. So, what we're going to do, I'm going to show you where to find those. You're going to go to superbase.com. You're going to create an account. You can do the free trial. The free tier is very, very generous. And then you're going to go ahead and create a new project. Call it whatever you want. Give it whatever password you want, but make sure you remember it. And you're eventually going to get on a page that looks like this that will say Chase. It'll say whatever you called the project. And once the project is ready to go, you'll see project status. You'll see a green dot. Once you're here, you're ready to continue. Now, to find our host URL, what you're going to need to do is you're going to go to project settings on the left. We are then going to go to data API on the left under configuration. And this URL you see right here, that URL is what you're going to put for host. So, make sure you put that in there. And then we need our service key. So you're going to go to API keys right here, service role. You're going to click on reveal. You're going to copy that and you're going to stick that in there. And that's going to connect you to Superbase. Now let's do cohhere. So you're going to do your re-ranker cohhere. You're going to click on this guy. We're going to do model 3.5. But again, we need to create an account. So you'll do create new credential. All we need is our API key. So you are going to go to cohhere.com. sign in. You're then going to go to the left where it says API keys and then you're going to go and hit create production key. You're going to have to put in billing. Remember this is pennies, fractions of a penny. So you you'll be okay. So once you do that, you create your account, you go to the left, you hit API keys, you'll find that. And again, the website, if you ever get confused, just go to dashboard.co.com. dashboard.co.com. coher.com if you get lost. So create your key, copy it, come back here, paste it in there, connect it, and then you're going to do model 3.5 and you're now set up with go here. Now, we're not done here. You probably noticed uh also this one is Postgress memory chat. And when you do Postgress, we'll click in here, and I want to create a new credential. Oh my gosh, there's like 10 million things. What am I supposed to do? All right, let's go back inside Superbase. Now on the top, let me drag this down a little bit so you can actually see on the top. What do we got here? We have connect. So you're going to hit connect and then all these scary things. We're going to do transaction pooler. Transaction pooler. Now you're just going to start copying and pasting stuff over. So you do host, copy that. That's going to go to host. Database stays the same. user. Copy that. Put it in here. Password. Remember the password you put for your project. That goes here. And then you just need to change the port. So port should be 6543. So copy that over. Copy that over. And that's how you connect to Postgress. Again, get confused. Transaction pooler not session pooler. Transaction pooler. Okay. And with that, we have connected our Postgress, our superbase, our code here. I hope by now you've been able to connect your OpenAI and always remember you can check the documents if you ever get confused. So now we can start looking at the rag ingestion system. But before we do that, since I like having go back and forth so much, we're actually going to go back inside of Superbase. Okay, so we're hopping into Superbase real quick cuz we need to create the tables where all those embeddings are going to live, right? All those chunks in this vector database, we need to create those first. So to do that, we're going to come over to the left hand side and we're going to go to SQL editor. You will probably see a blank um page that looks like this. But what you are going to do is you're going to go into the school and you're going to copy the SQL code I have in there because we're going to use that code to create the tables we need. Now that code's going to look exactly like this. So just copy and paste it into your SQL editor. Hit run on the right hand side and what you are going to see is success. No rows returned. Now once you see success, no rows returned, that means our tables have now been created. And we can check that by actually just going to the database on the left and then you should see your two tables represented visually right here. Documents and documents metadata. And then real quickly, documents are where all the embeddings are eventually going to go, right? All those chunks are going to live in the documents table. And then the document metadata table almost acts like a table of contents. and it's going to list all the separate files that live in there. Instead of the 10,000 chunks, it would just show show the, you know, 100 files that they came from. And so now that we made our tables, we can hop back inside Nen. Okay, now let's talk about the rag ingestion piece, right? How are we getting these documents from Google Drive into Superbase? Well, we have three triggers right here. So, this trigger up here uh for file created and file updated, those are deactivated right now. Those come into effect when you already have this in production. you already set up some sort of rag folder inside of Google Drive. And now when it's up and running, anytime someone edits a file inside that folder or they create a brand new file inside the folder, this will trigger the automation to run and put all that information inside the database. This one right here, the search file and folders. This is more for when you first set this up for a client because chances are you're going to talk to a client and they're already going to have some sort of folder with all the documents that they want the AI agent to work with just like this, right? I have these four fake documents in here. They might have hundreds. And the way you get that all ingested into Rag off the bat is going to be through a search files and folders module, right? And so what this one does is it's going to go and look inside a specific folder and get all the information about the files in it. And from there, we can then do that initial batch where it all goes into Superbase. So that's what this one is for. And these two are really for production once you're up and running. And so if we look inside here, you're going to have to do search files and folders. You're going to have to do an advanced search. And you're going to have to use a query string. So this is kind of important. I know kind of bring this up. You're going to see here this long list of numbers. So that is the folder ID. Where do you find your folder ID? Well, you find it in the URL. So right here, might be kind of hard to see, but if you have your drive up, you're going to see drive.google.com/drive/folders. And then after the folder slash, there's going to be a really long string of numbers and letters up to a question mark. those numbers between the slash and the question mark. That is your file ID. So you need to copy that and then you need to go inside of nadn and you need to replace what's there. So it should look like that. Also make sure you have the the apostrophes up there little single commas and it should look like that. Also you want it to return all I assume. Also you need to add these four options. You need the web view link, the ID, the name, and the mime type. So it needs to look exactly like this. So that's that. And then for the file created and file updated, it's a little easier just actually map it like folder and all that. And so when I run this, you will see here on the right, it got all the information of there's four files. The ID, the name, the mime type, and the web view link. The ID is the actual like numerical value assigned to every single file. The name is obviously the name of the file. MIME type is the type of document it is. So in this case it's a Google doc. It'd be different if it was a PDF document or Excel. And then of course the web view link. Now as an aside, this particular rag one I'm showing you, this one is built for PDF and Google Docs. If you're dealing with the RAG system that is also trying to deal with like large Excel files, that's kind of a whole another ball game. I do have videos of that in the school. Check out kind of like the RAG plus voice lessons. they dive into that because you're actually going to be working a lot more with SQL. Again, just an aside, you'll find that most of your clients are usually operating with PDF and document text and that tends to give you the best bang for your buck, but stuff is out there. I have content on the Excel stuff. So, from there, it's going to loop over items and then we're going to do things like set file ID. So, then we do like set file ID and we'll actually execute this step and you can see, hey, we're just assigning variables to these things. ID, type, title, URL. And this will make more sense when you see how we do metadata. We have a delete old rows doc. So this makes sure that we don't have like duplicates. So we can run that, right? Same thing down here. This file string metadata, right? It's just checking to see, hey, are there any file IDs that match? Then we're inserting the document metadata. Remember how we have that second table? This is where it's coming into play. So we execute the step. Then we're actually downloading the file and this is what it should look like. File download. We're doing it by ID. Remember we have to literally download this file to push it to Superbase. And then we're also doing these Google file conversions. So we execute the step and it should look just like that. Next we have this switch. So whether it's a PDF or an actual text document, it's going to go one of two paths and then it's going to go inside the actual database. So let's just run it through here. Here we should see hit the switch goes inside the vector store. So what's happening here? Operation mode will be insert documents. Table name will be documents and query name will be match documents. This should all default to this. And then we're going to do embeddings will just be um text embedding three small default data loader. This is what it should look like. This is where we're actually putting that metadata in there. And the metadata is important because this helps the AI actually figure out what file it needs to look for. So file ID, file type, and URL. Next, we have our character text splitter. And again, chunk sizes. We're doing 750 with a 200 chunk overlap. So again, remember that 100page document. Every 750 characters, we're chunking it up. And then we're overlapping each one. So the AI has a better idea of like where each page starts and ends and where it is in the grand scheme of the document itself. Then from there, it just goes back and it continues that loop over and over and over and over. And what we'll do here is I'm actually just going to run this real quick and get all four documents in there. Okay, cool. All four just got in there and that went pretty quick. So, let's actually go inside of Superbase and take a look. Okay, so here we are back inside of Superbase and let's take a look at our actual table. So, come up to the left, go to table editor and we can see inside of document metadata and documents, we actually have content. We actually have embeddings from our documentation. So if you look at it, it has it by ID. It has the actual content that it took. So this is the actual chunks. And then you can take a look at the metadata as well, which includes things like the URL, the file ID, and the file type. And then over here on the embedding, that's kind of like all the math behind it, where it is in the graph. Um, we also have document metadata. And again, this is essentially acting as our table of contents. We just have our four documents versus, you know, the 14 embeddings. So that's what it looks like inside of the tables inside of Superbase. And that is how we get documents from the Google Drive into the database. Now, really quick, let's go over the cleanup. As you can guess, this is for the documents table and this is for the documents metadata table. So when I click inside the file IDs, what do we need to change? Well, what we need to change is here the query string. And same thing as before, it's just going to be that folder ID. So, just copy paste that in there. And what we're looking for is the IDs because what it's going to do is it's going to get all the file IDs inside of Google Drive. Then, it's going to get all the file IDs inside of Superbase. It merges them. It goes through this code node. And what happens with this code is it says, "Hey, is there anything inside of Superbase? Are there any file IDs that occur inside of Subabase that don't occur inside of Drive? If yes, delete them. Same thing for document metadata. So when you run this, obviously you won't get an output because there won't be any mismatch. But just make sure you have the correct um file ID in there. And so once you do that, you're actually ready to go. So let's actually test it. And then so we'll just open the chat message received and then we'll actually pop inside Superbase and we'll see how it populated that um end chat histories table. All right. So let's actually test this guy out. So let's take a look at Q1 and see if we can ask it a specific question. There were some action items here. So let's ask it what Ben Carter's Q1 action items were. So what were Ben's Q1 action items? So we hit that hits memory hits the superbase vector does the reranking and then it says hey Ben's Q and action items finalize the technical specs and deploy day one patch. So we see it actually gave us Q1 and Q4. That's actually not too surprising because Q1 action items can kind of mean a couple different things. Was I talking about the Q1 meeting notes or was I talking about hey we're in Q4 meeting. What are you doing for next quarter? So it actually gives us both, right? Technical specs. Athena for teams. All right. Day one voice patch. Day one voice patch. So it actually did a pretty good job even though it was kind of like a fuzzy query. Here's what I will say. When you test this, obviously your documents going to be different than mine. These were just fake ones. And when I was testing for my client, he obviously had a huge batch as well. Don't be afraid to come in here inside of the system prompt and really edit this out. So, it is very detailed as to what you want. This is pretty generic what I have here. And we talked about it before. Customize, customize, customize. Be very specific about what sort of data it's trying to be finding. Because if you're testing this out and you're like, "Hey, like I have the documents in there. It's just not giving me the answers I want." Well, play with the system prompt first before you kind of throw your hands up in the air. And so after all that, I hope you have a pretty good understanding of a how a rag agent works and then b how to actually set it up and what it would sort of look like when you're doing it for the client. Now, speaking of clients, I know at the beginning of this video I said I would kind of run you through the pricing structure and how I actually created this and handed it off to the client. So, first things first, pricing. How did I come up with $5,000? Well, if you've been in the space for any amount of time, you've probably heard people talk about how they do pricing. And usually they frame it as, "All right, we're doing it value based. So, this thing is going to save my client, you know, $20,000 a month and then so I'm going to take, you know, a 30 or 30 or 40% cut of that and then everyone walks away happy." I will tell you, maybe I just don't have the best clients ever. I think I have pretty good ones, but I've never run into a client who can really accurately say how much an automation is either saving him in terms of money or how much money it's actually making him, right? Like I don't think most businesses have it on such a granular level that they're going to save this much time every single month and that translates to this many dollars. It just doesn't happen, at least in my experience. And because of that, the whole like value play for doing pricing kind of goes out the window right off the bat. So then the question becomes, well then how did you come to $5,000? And frankly, it's kind of one part that's how much I value my time and I know how much time it's going to take me. And also another part of that $5 to $10,000 is what I have found to be kind of the sweet spot when you're trying to sell these AI agents and automations to businesses. Because remember, what are you trying to sell to? You're not trying to sell to mom and pop shops that have no money. You want to be selling to like mediumish size companies that are like 1 to 10 million ARR that aren't just going to bulk immediately at something in the 5 to10k range, right? It's not going to ruin their lives if this project absolutely fell apart. It's not going to, but they don't come into it like, "Oh my gosh, this is my last $5,000. This has to work." And so, because of that, I know I can usually sell between 5 to 10. like seven to eight is kind of the sweet spot and five for something that's kind of just like boilerplate like I've done this a bunch of times. I know I can get done quickly. Five just kind of makes sense. All that to say it's kind of vibes. It's kind of what you can get away with. Are you brand new and you just need customers? You're probably have to price it a little bit more favorably for the client. Maybe 3K, maybe 4K. I personally would never suggest you go under 2 to 3K. Like you don't want to be bottom of the barrel. You don't want to do a race to the bottom because they could always go overseas and have someone build this for them for 10 bucks an hour, right? But you're giving them a white glove approach from beginning to end. And speaking of the white glove approach, that includes actually setting it up on their servers and getting the server done. So when I first sign a client, I actually get them on a call and I run them through everything that I need them to do to self-host. So for me, I love using Hostinger. Super easy to set up any on this. There's tons of videos online of how to do it. Takes less than 5 minutes. So, I get them on a call and I'm literally like, "Sign up for Hostinger. I'm on the call with you and let's set up Naden on your self-hosted server." So, I run them through that. Then, I take them to Superbase. I have them create a Superbase account. I get their login and I get their password. I also get their login and password for their NAND server. So, I can actually go on it. We then go to OpenAI. I have them do billing. I don't need their open AI password, but what we do is we go inside of NAND and I have them set up their credentials. Same thing with Google. Google, as everyone knows, is a pain in the butt, but I walk them through going into Google Workspace. We set up all the APIs. I don't need their Google password, but what I do is I make sure we create a Google Docs and a Google Drive module, and we go inside there, and we painstakingly get the credential set up. So, if you're paying attention, I get on a call, we set up self-hosted NN hostinger, they put in their billing, we go to OpenAI, we do the billing, I get that actually done inside of NN. Same thing with Superbase. We don't need to do billing, but I do need their login and password. We went to Coher for this. So, I actually went to Coher like I showed you before. Did their billing. I got their login and password. But actually for that I didn't need their login and password but I did need them to actually connect it and Google and that was it. And then Slack, right? And so while that's annoying at the beginning, you have to remember what you're selling. You're selling a white glove. I am solving your problem from beginning to end. You're setting and they might not want to set it up, but understand like they own it. It's their end workspace. It's their APIs. It's their workflow. So this is really saving their butt, right? because everything is under their umbrella. You can't just walk away and steal it and say, "Hey, it's mine. It's my password. I own the stuff." A, you really can't do that with the N8 unfair license. But B, it should give them kind of a warm-up fuzzy feeling knowing that they own everything you create. And lastly, once it's fully created, it's a super easy handoff because they already have everything, right? There's no weirdness going on like, "Okay, now let's do passwords and stuff." It's like, "No, project's done. I showed you it worked. Here it is. Have at it." So, that's kind of my little spiel about um you know, actually getting it set up and giving it to the client. Um hopefully that makes a little bit of sense. That was pretty uh pretty quick, but again, yeah, biggest thing here was rag. Make sure you understand rag. This should definitely be a tool in your toolkit. The template is down below. And as always, let me know if you have any questions and good luck.

=== n8n Masterclass: Build and Sell AI Agents (Part 3: APIs & HTTP Requests) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6u9bBZxs25I

Hey everyone, welcome to part three of my NAND master class series where I take you from someone who has no clue what's going on in this low code AI space and turn you into somebody who can actually make AI agents speak intelligently about them and even sell them. So if this is your first time jumping into the series, I suggest checking out parts one and two because each video builds upon the other and we start at a very foundational level. So if you have no real technical background, you're not really sure what's going on inside of Naden, just start at the beginning. But if you're a little more advanced and you want to hop in right away, go ahead because today what we are going to be learning about is HTTP requests. And HTTP requests are probably the most important module that you need to wrap your head around because HTTP requests and really API calls in general are one of the most foundational tools that you really need to internalize how they work and how to apply them if you want to create robust AI agents. So let's start with diving into APIs. Now what are APIs? Well, it stands for application programming interface. And it's just a fancy way for saying this is how two programs talk to one another. So let's imagine we have two programs. Let's say we have NAN on the left and OpenAI on the right. So I'm inside NAN and I want to use OpenAI's GPT4 to do something for me. Well, how do we do that? Well, we do it with an API call. So I send a message to OpenAI and included in that message is my API key, which is essentially like a password saying, "Hey, this is who I am. This is verification of what I want that I have billing. Please do the task for me. That is an API call. OpenAI gets your request. It verifies your key and then it sends you that information back. That is an API in action. And anytime you are having a third-party program do something via an API, that's called an API call. Right? So, we're calling that's an API call. We're calling on them. That's all that means. you're trying to contact some sort of thirdparty program to do something on your behalf. And the way you send that data is via an API call. And as I said before, we did that here in OpenAI. And these things we did last time in part two where we uploaded files to a Google Drive and where we sent a draft, that was also an API call. And the nice thing is is these are actually set up very intuitively for us, right? I go inside here, I don't have to write any code. I have these boxes that I just do drop downs for, right? my resources, my operation, the email type, the subject, right? It's very, very intuitive of what information I put where. But if you were coding this, it would actually be an entire code block instead. And when I hit plus on the toolbox, you can see over here on the right, and I'll move my thing over, we have so many different third party tools we can connect to. And when we use them, those are all using API calls as well. Now, some of them, like Wikipedia, don't even require an API key. They'll just let you freely use their resources. But most of these have a corresponding API key like we saw with OpenAI. And luckily, most of them don't require such a laborious setup process with their credentials like Google did in part two. And while there is a ton of tools here, the question you should be asking yourself now is, well, what if those tool doesn't exist inside of Naden? Because you just saw, I don't know, a 100 tools, 200 tools, but there's millions of programs on the web that you probably want access to and probably want their data. How do you send an API request to them if their tool doesn't exist? Great question and the answer is an HTTP request tool. Now, backing out for a second, like we saw here, these are all like customized, right? The Google draft, right? You got the operation, the email type, the options, the actual message, right? Very, very easy to use. Each of these modules inside of Naden that's has their own special tool like Gmail, like OpenAI. Think of that as like a custom letterhead or a custom form that Google has given us. It has given N&N that says, "Hey, every time you want to talk to me, fill out this exact form." And this way, this is the Google form, right? Super easy. And to contrast that, the HTTP request is essentially like a boilerplate generic form that we are going to send to any third party that we want to make an API call to that already doesn't have a special node inside of Naden. And because of that, understanding how HTTP requests work is extremely important because in the grand scheme of things, most APIs will not be found inside of NADN, right? A lot of the really popular ones are like Google and all that stuff, but there's going to be a ton that aren't. And you need to understand how to navigate HTTP requests, and that's what we're going to do today. And so to demo HTTP requests today, we are going to be going to tavly.com. Now, full disclosure, Tavi just recently got a node inside of Naden, but I think they're a really good place to practice HTTP request for a couple reasons. One, they have really, really good documentation, so we can kind of demo what you should be looking for. They also have an API playground that I'll show you and explain what the heck that means. And lastly, Tavi is an amazing tool that we are going to use further on, so we might as well show you how to use it today. Oh, and their API is essentially free, which is also perfect. So, I want you to go to tavly.com. You're going to sign up. Again, totally free and then log in. Okay. So, here we are inside of Tavi. Now, again, Tavi is essentially like Google on AI steroids. It's my favorite tool for doing any sort of research, any sort of like basic web scraping. So, we're really going to get familiar with this tool. Now, right up front, what you see here is kind of like just an API usage, right? You can see how much you're using every single month. They give you a,000 credits for free. We'll go into a little more detail what credits actually mean later. And we also have your API key right here, which they make super easy to get to. You just click it and it's copied. Now, what do we care about? Well, anytime you go to some sort of third party website that you need to use and you need an API key and it doesn't exist inside of Naden, the first place you're going to go is the documentation, which you can find over on the left. And then you're usually going to see stuff like this quick start API references. So, often times what we want to do is we want to find the quick start or the API reference. So if we go to quick start. So first things first, understand who documentation is for. It's primarily for a technicals software developer crowd, right? So right away you're going to see stuff like pip install tavly python. You be like, I have no idea what that is. It's okay. Let me tell you what you often need to be looking for. What you're often looking for is something like this, a curl, right? And the curl is usually going to have a few things associated with it. It's usually going to have a post and then some sort of URL. And then you'll often see things like -h-h d these are headers. So -h h is a header content type application json very common. You also see this authorization right bear space tablet your API key and then the query. So right here what you see is sort of the general outline of almost every single API API request that you're going to make to again some sort of thirdparty program. One the URL. If I jump back into NN and I go to HTTP request, what do we see here? The URL. Also, what do we see here? We see post. What do we see here? Get. We want to change that to post. What does post mean? Post means I'm sending something to them, right? In this case, I'm going to send a request for them to do something on my behalf in case, in this case, research something. So, often times when you're making an API call, the first one you're going to make is a post request, right? I need to send information to them. And then oftent times if you need to make another one, it'll be a get, as in a get request. I need to get my data. I need to download something. I need to get it. If you're sending a request, it's almost always going to be post. And let me actually zoom in here so it's a little easier to see. So we have post. We have the URL. Great. We know we need that. We have headers, right? Oftent times you will see this content type application JSON. And we see an authorization. You should always be looking for something that shows some sort of authorization because remember, you always have to include your API key in this request so they know who you are. Do you have funds? Are you allowed to even do this? And then lastly, the query. And we'll go into this in more detail, but the query, this like dash d, that's going to be what we're actually sending, right? That's the actual request with the data. Like what do I want them to search for, right? What sort of task do I want them to do? These first three parts are essentially just like, hey, this is the address that you're sending your letter to. And all this stuff is like, hey, you know who I am. We can actually have this conversation. And then this is the actual body of the message. Again, you want to look for curl. You'll see here Python. We're not doing Python. We're not doing JavaScript. We're doing curl. And why do we want to do curl? Because let me show you something really cool. We're going to copy this. So you can just copy that. We're going to go back into our HTTP request and we're going to do import curl. We're going to paste that in there. Import. And look at that. It just filled out a bunch of stuff for us. It essentially just set up the HTTP request in the way Tavly wants the data to be given to it, right? It changed the method to post. It changed the URL to search. So that's where we're sending our request. It inputed the stuff for the headers, right? the authorization with the bearer and then the JSON actual query. So let's actually go ahead and do this. So what we need to change is the API key, right? You'll see it put that there. Where do we get that? Go back inside Tavly. Copy your API key. Don't worry, I'll delete mine after this. We're going to replace this part where it says Tavly and then paste it in there. So yours should look something like this. Bare space and then the Tavly stuff. Next thing we want to change is the query, right? So this query, they just have one put in there, which is, you know, who's messy, right? We don't want to do that. So we could put something in here every single time it says tell me about AI agents. Or better yet, we could put AI news. So if I put AI news, that means every time we ran this module, this HTTP request module, it would always do the same thing. It would send a request to Tablety to do a query, to do a search on AI news. that could be useful, but chances are I wanted to do some sort of different research every single time. So, what are we going to do? Well, we're going to use our favorite. Let the model define this parameter, which means that value is going to change based on what we tell our AI agent, right? So, if I tell it, hey, search AI news or B, tell me what's going on with the weather right now, right? It's going to send that value and it's going to fill it out automatically here. So, we don't have to code anything. And last thing we're going to do is we're going to change the name. We're going to change this to Tavi. have a search. You can do that and back out. And just like that, you did your first HTTP request module. Now, what is one more thing we need to do? Well, remember system messages, right? Remember the system message? We come in here. What do we want to do now? Well, we probably want to add the fact that we just added a new tool. So, we're just going to do for Tavly tool. We'll keep it really simple. Use this tool to conduct any sort of internet research. Right. And I also might think, hey, do I really need the Wikipedia one anymore? No. I'm probably going to delete that. We'll come back here. I'm going to delete my Wikipedia tool. Sorry. I'm going to save this. And so, let's test this out. Let's go into our chat and let's say, can you research the latest AI news for today for me? and bring back some headlines. So, we should see it hit the Tavi search tool. And again, we saw it hit the OpenAI chat model. What's it doing here? It's sending an API. It's doing an API call. Same thing here for Tavi. And sweet. If we bring this up, we can see, hey, gave us some headlines for the latest AI news in June 2024. Blah blah blah blah blah. Now, it did it in June. I probably want it for today. And I'll show you how we change things like that here in a second. But the HTTP request worked. Love it. And again, we can click inside of here and see what actually went on. We can see the query it did. Latest AI news June 2024. Right? So that's the query it ended up putting here. Ended up doing latest AI news June 2024. We could have actually changed that. And actually, real quick, what we're going to do, I want you to go inside of AI agent. Go to system message. We're going to say today's date time is and then we're going to do curly bracket curly bracket and you're going to do now. So curly bracket curly bracket and then it's going to be dollar sign and then now all that did is we just gave our AI agent the actual date and time. So when I asked for recent AI news, next time it's probably not going to do June. But that was just to show you, you know, latest AI news, how it filled out the value, which is cool. But the Tavly tool can do a lot more than just do a query, right? If we go into the documentation and we go back and we go to API reference, what you'll see here over on the right is you start to see all sorts of things, especially as we scroll down like all these little things that they put in the body, right? And the body the body is this here, these body parameters, the query, that's what the body is. And if we go inside the documentation, you can see while we filled out the query, right? You see query here. There's actually a ton of parameters we could have put in there, right? We could have included the topic, search depth, chunks per source, match results, time range, days, include answer, raw content, domains, country. You can see how detailed we could have made this, right? We can put way more than query. We can put all sorts of things. And again, how do I know what that's supposed to look like? How do I know if those are even available to me? You're going to find that in the documentation, right? And if this ever gets confusing, what you should do is you should just copy this whole page, dump it into something like chat GBT and say, "Hey, I'm trying to do this specific request with Tavi. This is what I want it to look like. How would I actually execute that?" One last thing on that note, if we go into Tavly and we see over here on the left the API playground. What you have here is you have the ability to essentially test all those different fields. Remember, we just did query and I just showed you inside the documentation. There's actually a ton of different stuff you can put in there like search topic, search depth, max results, include answer, raw content, blah blah blah blah blah. But you'll often see this term API playground used in tons of different programs. All it means is it's a place where you can test out different settings for your API requests. So, if I were to do news and I did my search depth to advance and I change the max results and I change the time range, I could ask something again like latest AI news, send the request and then I could compare it to what I just got. And in terms of changing those parameters, again, these tend to change from, you know, third party to third party app. But again, just take the documentation, go into chat GBT and ask what should that look like. In Tavi's case, it's pretty simple, right? I would just go to add parameter and we know one of the parameters is say let's do time range, right? So I could do uh well, let's do another one. Let's do um include answer. So I'd come inside here and then I would just write what it did include answer, right? And then the value. Well, I go back to the docs. What sort of values can I put? Well, it looks like I can either do true or false. So I'll go inside here. I'll say true. And now let's do that same request again and see if we get a different sort of result. So can you research the latest AI news for today? So, it did June 14th instead of July 14th. So, we still have some work to do with getting the uh the date exactly how we want it, but the answer is a little bit different. And again, you can just continue to play with these sorts of settings until you get what you want. And so, that's where we are going to end part three. Again, we didn't do a ton of stuff with our AI agent today, but I just really, really want to stress how important it is to understand how HTTP requests work because this is by far the most powerful module inside of NAND, bar none. The whole point of AI agents is to be able to do things on your behalf and interact with third-party programs and thirdparty apps. And I guarantee you for your particular use case, you're going to run into scenarios where whatever is in here, you know, in the default and it end list is not going to cut it. And you need to figure out what you need to do. And what you're going to do is you're going to find the website you're at like say Tavly. You're going to look for documentation and you're going to begin your search for that curl request. And then once you get that kind of up and running, you're then going to dive deeper in the documentation and with the help of AI, figure out what sort of settings you can tune and fix so you get the outputs you want. So after all that, I hope it's a little more clear what APIs are, what HTTP requests are, and how you're able to integrate them into your AI agents. Now, in part four, we are going to dive into connecting AI agents to AI agents and essentially use this guy we've been working on as an orchestration agent that's able to control other AI agents underneath it. As always, let me know what you thought of this video down below. if you ran into any issues, if you have any suggestions for what you want to see in the next few videos.

=== n8n Masterclass: Build and Sell AI Agents (Part 2: n8n Agents & Tools) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPVdj6MQqSk

Hello and welcome to my NAED masterclass series where I take you somebody who has no idea what AI agents even are and turn you into someone who can reliably create them and even knows how to sell them by the end of the series. So, if you haven't watched part one, I highly suggest you do. In that video, we go through how to sign up, how hosting works, and we eventually get to the point where we create the base of our AI agent right here. And in today's lesson, we are going to build on this AI agent foundation that we created in part one. We're going to go through tools. We're going to talk more about APIs and HTTP requests and then we're going to dive into system messages even further. And that cadence of building on previous videos is going to continue for the rest of the series. And without any further ado, let's get started. So, first of all, what is an AI agent and what makes it differ from just a basic AI automation? Well, what we're looking at here is essentially like a very soft clone of chat GPT, right? It has a model. We can talk to it and can remember our conversations. And you saw that in the last lesson. But what you'll notice right here is tools. And tools and how an AI uses those tools are what makes an AI agent an AI agent. For example, if I click on this tool button here, you will now see on the right a list of a ton of different tools that are native to NAD, right? We see a bunch of stuff including Google, right? Google Calendar, Google Chat, Google Firestone, Google Docs, right? Google Drive for example, a million different things. And these tools can be attached to our AI agent and they can actually use these tools on our behalf. So let's do a simple one. Let's say I wanted to add Wikipedia. Once it's been added, it's automatically connected to the AI agent and that AI agent now has the ability to essentially call on Wikipedia and answer questions about it. So we can go and chat and say, "Hey, use the Wikipedia node and tell me about AI agents." And so we should see here that it should call on this Wikipedia tool. And that's what happened right away. So instead of just relying on its training data to answer us like it normally would, it actually went to Wikipedia, figured out what the article said about AI agents, and then spit that out as a response. But one tool isn't really enough. We would want to add more tools. So like I could add a Google Drive tool, right? And then I could add something like Air Table, you know, and I could just continue adding tool after tool after tool. and eventually have just a very large toolbox that my AI agent has access to. And with those tools, I can then tell the AI agent to do a number of different things. And it's going to intelligently decide on the best tool to use for the job. And those tools could themselves include AI agents, right? You could have AI agents talking to AI agents talking to AI agents all the way down the stack. But the thing that makes it agentic is that it doesn't always do the same thing every time, right? The way it chooses its tools and how it executes the job is dynamic. And it all depends on what you tell it to do. Now, compare that to an AI automation where it always does the same thing every single time, right? It's kind of just linear. It's straight line. And it could be, hey, every single time you get a mention in Slack, I want you to, I don't know, send an email to me. A happens and B happens and C happens. It's not dynamic. You're never wondering like which tool is it going to use, right? Linear. Linear is for automations. Dynamic is for agents. Now, if that's kind of confusing, that's totally okay. It'll make more sense as you see some practical applications. Just remember AI agents usually means lots of tools dynamic. And what you will also notice is when it comes to tools and actually using them inside Nadn, we usually need to hook them up like we did in part one. You remember when we hooked up our OpenAI chat model where we actually went in went to OpenAI, got an API key. That is usually the way it goes for all tools as well, right? They're hooked up to some sort of third party account. it needs some way to verify what the account is. Now, Wikipedia was actually a um exception, right? That's why I kind of did did that right away. There's no API key. There's no account to do. They just let you use it as much as you want. But for the rest of these, you need to attach an account. And for today, we're actually going to go through how to hook up your Google stuff. And we'll actually like send emails and do that sort of thing. And so, how do I do that? Well, like you saw before with OpenAI, we're just going to go to documentation, and that's going to tell us how to do it step by step. But first things first, I want you to go to select credential here on Google Drive. You're going to go to create new credential, and you're just going to have this up and ready to go. So again, what do we do when we're confused and we don't know how to do something? We're always going to look at the documentation. So we're going to click this link, open Docs, and this brings us to the instructions of how to actually do this, right? The Google one is kind of tricky and that's why I'm doing it as an example here, but NAN does a decent job of actually walking you through it. And what we're going to do is we are going to follow their instructions and do it ourselves. And so the first thing we need to do is create a Google Cloud account. So we're just going to click this link and that's going to take you to this page. For the rest of this walkthrough, I'm going to have the docs up on another monitor so I'm not constantly switching between them on this screen. I suggest you do the same as you follow along. So once you create your Google Cloud account, you're going to go to Console on the top right. And then over here on the top left, you are going to either create a new project or select one that you already have. For me, I'm going to be using Naden YouTube demo. If you decide to create a new project, you might have to wait a second or two for it to actually create it. And then you need to switch to it. So, when we go through this, make sure you're on the correct project cuz you can have multiple projects in your console. And to do that, just verify that it has the name you want up on the top left. Next, we're going to click these three bars in the top left. We're going to go to APIs and services. So, now we're going to come up here to the search bar and we're going to search and enable all the Google APIs we want. So, think Google Drive, Calendar, email, contacts, all that good stuff. So, search for Gmail. Gmail API is going to pop up. We're going to do enable. We can see that it's now enabled. And now I'm going to quickly run through the rest of them. So do Gmail, Drive, Calendar, contacts, Sheets, Docs. Really, any of the ones you think you're going to have this agent use. Okay, once you've gone through and enabled all the APIs you want, we're going to come back to the left. You're going to go to OOTH consent screen. Click that. We're going to do get started. And then you're just going to fill out your app name and your user support email. The app name doesn't really matter. Um, email can kind of be whatever, just one you have access to. Going to hit next. You're going to do external. Next. The same email address you did before. Agree. Continue. Create. All right. Next, you're going to go back up to the top left, click those three bars. We're going to go to APIs and services, and go to credentials. Go to create credentials, and you're going to do OOTH client ID. Application type will be web app. Again, name this whatever you want. web client one nadn is fine. Then down here for authorize redirect uris you're going to hit plus and what's going to go here is going to be what we had inside of nadn. So I want you to go back to nadn and then you see here inside the Google drive thing you're going to copy this. So just click the copy and again where how did I do that? How did I get this page? I had the Google drive up and the select credential create new credential and it's right here. So, copy that, go back into Google Cloud, paste that in, and you're set. So, you can then hit create. Okay. Now, when we're here, we need to copy over the client ID and the client secret. So, copy the client ID over. And don't worry, guys, I'm going to delete all this stuff later. And then client secret. Paste that over as well. Okay. Before we sign in Google, we got to go back in the cloud and just clean up a couple more things. Okay. So once you're back inside here, I want you to go to APIs and services and then go down to OOTH consent screen. You're then going to go to audience. You're then going to publish app. Right? So you're going to go to confirm. Okay. Now you can go back in. Go to sign in with Google. Select the email it's been associated with. Go to advanced. Go to run the cloud and then give it access. Then go to continue. Now you're finally set and signed up. As you saw, it's a little confusing, but now that you've done it, you don't have to do it again. So, congratulations. You got the most annoying third party API verification deal set up. And now, let's kind of talk about the different parameters that are available inside of this Google Drive and kind of go through how tools work in general. So, this kind of goes for any tool that you use inside of Naden. You're going to see some sort of similar setup. Always up top, there's going to be different credentials. You can always create new ones or edit the ones that you have in there by clicking on this little pencil. Next, there's different tool descriptions. You're not usually going to mess with that. Now, resource. Resource is just like what do you want it to do? So, for resource, do we want it to play around with files, files and folders, share drive, or a custom API call? Going to stick with files for now. operation. Do you want it to upload a file, download, move? Right? These are kind of self-explanatory. This is where you're able to pick what you want it to actually do. You have your input data field name. So, this is the name of the file that's going into the drive, right? So, if I was pushing something from over here on the left hand side, we're saying, hey, it's called data. It may or may not be called that in reality. You have file name. That's where you name the file. And here, like where do you want it to go inside the drive? Now, real quickly, you're going to notice these little stars on the right. Now, this is a really cool thing with AI. So, if I click these, what you see now is what's called defined automatically by the model. And if I hit this X, you can kind of see the code that's going on underneath it, little JavaScript. So what defined automatically by the model means is that the AI is going to be able to figure out J just on us talking to it like naturally just like I would a person what to put for the input data field name what to put for the parent drive and what to put for the parent folder. I don't have to explicitly say every single time or hardcode it in here that the parent drive must be X, parent folder must be Y. It's going to be able to tease that out based on the conversation. And while that doesn't seem super useful here, as you look at more and more tools and we go through more and more examples, you'll see how much we tend to lean on this thing defined automatically by the model. This is where AI really shines. Also up top you'll see settings and we'll go more into detail with things on here, but these often have to do with like if there's errors, right? What do you want it to do? Do you want to give it notes? You can actually write notes inside of here. How many times you want it to execute? And if there's no data, do you want it to still put something out? Again, we'll dive deeper into these in more advanced workflows. Now, let's add another tool. Let's add a Gmail tool. Now, this should be pretty easy to connect now that we actually hooked up all of our Google stuff. So, we're going to create new credential. And this one, we can just sign in with Google. Super easy. Yep. Allow. Continue. Boom. Not hard at all. So, now what I wanted to do, I wanted to send a message. I could also have it do a draft. Let's just do a draft right first. So we don't have to send off any messages. But again, let's see some of this AI work in action. Right? So subject, I can do that with AI. Message, I can also do it with AI. And other properties, attachments, BCC, all these things. We probably want to know who we want to send it to, right? And again, we could hardcode this or we could have AI figure this out. Now, here's the thing. for it to figure out who we want to send the email to. If we don't explicitly tell it the email, how would it know what the email should be? The answer is it wouldn't, right? If I tell you to email Fred and I've never given you Fred's email, you're kind of out of luck. So, how would this actually be useful to us? Well, imagine we had something like Google contacts, you know, and we had, you know, some little database right here that had everyone's email in it, including Fred's. So, in here, now that it's defined auto automatically by the model, if I say, "Hey, send an email to Fred." This AI agent's then going to be like, "Oh, yeah, Fred." I'm sending an email. I don't know what the email is. I'm going to go check the contacts first, right? And this is obviously a very simple example, but that's there to demonstrate how an AI agent is able to like, okay, I know I need A to do B, so let me check A first to do that. And so you and so we could actually go in here and we could do all the stuff with the contacts, but to keep this lesson short, I'm going to demo it a little differently. So I'm actually going to delete this. And what we're going to do to kind of demonstrate two things at once is we're going to talk about the system message because like I said before it's like okay I know to hit the contacts to send the email if I don't have the email. Does it does it actually know that inherently? Will it actually be that smart that without any sort of prompting it knows that logic to check for emails to send an email? Sometimes sometimes not. And what about more complex logic? What if we get into really really complicated agents with tons of tools? How does it know logically to do A before B, B before C, but sometimes do E before B, right? How does it know that? Well, that's going to be the system message. And remember, we talked about this a little bit before where we said, "Hey, I only want you to respond in old English to me, right? We gave it some logic." Well, we can do that much more in depth when it comes to tools because we can say, "Hey, you're a personal assistant. You have these tools, right? You have the email tool, Wikipedia tool, Google Drive tool, and then we can go through and then explain this is what the email tool does. This is what the Wikipedia tool does. This is what the Google Drive tool does. And then we can even go further and say here's examples of how it could be used. Here's how I want you to use it in example A, B, and C, right? And here's what I want the output to look like. Like we can get super super detailed with this. But what if I don't know what to write? Well, guess what we're going to do? This is exactly what I do in all my production level stuff. I just have AI figure it out. So, so we can go to chat GPT. My personal favorite is Gemini, but you can just say, "Hey, give me a system message or an AI agent with the following tools." Following tools: Wikipedia, Gmail, Send message, and Google Drive. And what it's going to do is it's going to give us a system message. we can plug in there. And usually the ones they create are fairly sophisticated. And this is a huge help when you start getting more and more complicated systems, right? Because I don't always want to be the one who goes in and does this by hand every single time. Anytime we can lean on AI to do some of the grunt work with system messages and it tends to write pretty good ones, we do that. And so you can see here, obviously, this is a very simple agent, but you can see what it gave us, right? Hey, AI assistant. It lists out the tools. Wikipedia, Gmail, Google Drive. Says what it does. And then it gives examples, right? I love that. So, it gives us some options. Let's go ahead and just take this second one. This works fine. And I'm just going to copy paste it into here. And so, the way it's going to work is every time we give that AI a message, it's essentially going to check it against the system message and say, "Hey, what am I supposed to do here?" And we can actually set this to expression. And if you hit this button up, it'll bring it up larger, but I'm going to write Chase's email is this. This is just my personal email. I want you to do that the same for your own inbox. Cuz this is going to show you how it can intelligently be like, "Oh, send the email to Chase. Well, I'm going to check my system message and I'm going to know what his email is." So, without ever actually telling the AI in a prompt, it's going to be able to fill it out. And this is taking the place of us going through Google contacts and connecting all that just for the sake of time. Now, let's have our AI agent do something. Let's have it send an email or rather create a draft. So, I just want you to open the chat and I just want you to tell it, hey, send an email or send a draft about whatever. So, hey, um, can you send a draft email to Chase asking him what's up? Now, I gave it something of a message to do. I didn't give it a title, remember? So, it should also intelligently figure out the title as well as the actual address. So, let's see if it works. Right, we see it hitting the model and we see it hitting the draft. So, it says, I have created a draft email to Chase with the subject, what's up? Asking how he's doing. Would you like me to send it now or make any changes? Well, let's see if it actually created the draft email. And there's a couple ways we can do that. Obviously, we can go into our email and when I come in here and I look at the drafts, it actually did populate. Chase Hanigan, what's up? Hey, Chase. Just wanted to check in and see how you're doing. Hope you're doing well. But we'll see kind of it isn't really formatted great, right? It says, "Best your name." But you know how we could fix these things? Well, we would just go inside the system message and say, "Hey, here's how I want you to sign off every email. Here's how I want you to start it, etc., etc." These system messages are really where you make your money when it comes to AI agents and customization. But it works. So, we checked the email, but there's other places we can check it, too, right? We have the logs. And so, if I click here on create a draft in Gmail, I can see it actually did what it said it was going going to do. And I can see the logs there. You're also able to see the logs if you click on the AI agent and look at logs here, right? Can make it a little more detailed, but cuz you can see the input and you can see the output and response. So, you can get detailed. You can see the ID, the thread ID, all this stuff. And we're actually going to play with that in later lessons. But again looking down here again on the input what's up message and two email. Again I never explicitly gave it the two email and I never explicitly gave it the subject. He had it filled those out. Why? Because we have these set to be defined automatically by the model. Defined by the model defined by the model. And again, very simple demonstration of that in action, but hopefully you can start to see like, wow, you can really leverage AI to like do a lot of work and do a lot of things without you sitting there and painstakingly being like, say this, say that, do this, do that. So, this is where I'm going to leave us at the end of part two of this end master class. And while it might not seem like we did a whole lot, I mean, we just added a couple tools and connected our Google account. I hope you understand how foundational this idea of tools and system messages really is because that is what everything is going to be based off going forward. Right? Understanding how to make the AI agent do things and do them well and do it consistently is all about this tool and system message relationship. And you just saw one of the most basic examples of it. But in future lessons, we're going to add more and more tools, more and more complexity, and we're going to start doing agents talking to agents, right? Main agent, sub agents, some sort of orchestration system that is something you can build upon really, really well and create something extremely sophisticated and robust. So, as always, I hope that was educational. Let me know what you thought in the comments. Go ahead, check out my school community. There's a link to that down in the description as well. And I will see you soon in part

=== n8n Masterclass: Build and Sell AI Agents (Part 1: n8n Fundamentals) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDUItyiETHw

NN has become the hottest lowode AI platform on the market today. And for good reason. It allows people with no coding experience to create very sophisticated AI agents and AI automations that they can then turn around to either sell to people or use in their own businesses to drive a ton of value. And so to get you out of NAND YouTube tutorial hell, I created this masterclass NAND video series to actually teach you the fundamentals to build these things on your own. In this series, I'm going to assume you have no technical background and no coding experience, and I'm going to take you to step zero all the way to creating sophisticated AI agents. We're going to learn about API, system messages, HTTP requests, different ways to host, everything you need to really internalize the fundamentals of this platform so you can build some really impressive workflows. And in part one of this master class series, I'm going to show you how to sign up with Naden, how the pricing structure works, what your hosting options are, and then we're actually going to go in there and we're going to build an AI workflow that essentially becomes our own miniature chat GPT. So, let's get to it. Okay, so here we are inside of any and before we actually create our account, the first thing we're going to talk about is the pricing. So, for annual pricing, it's going to be about 20 bucks a month. Monthly, it runs up to 24. And again, we're going to be on a free trial for the first 14 days. But one thing I wanted to touch on real quick is hosting because once you're in the space, you're going to hear three different types of hosting talked about all the time. You're going to hear about cloud hosting, self-hosting, and local hosting. Now, what's cloud hosting? Well, that's exactly what this is. You'll see right here it says hosted by NAN. That's just saying where is the NAND instance you're working on live? Whose server is it running on? In this case, the cloud is the cloud that's run by NAND. And so, you pay a little bit of a premium for that. In this case, $24 a month. And what does it buy you? Well, it buys you simplicity and ease of use. We're just going to start our free trial and it's going to automatically work. It's going to get updated regularly and we're using the official version of NAN. Now, your two other options are self-hosting and local hosting. And both of those are doable. They just require a little more technical knowhow. And so, what self-hosting is is self-hosting just means you're taking NADN and you're not using the official NAND servers. You're just going to a different third party. And that might be something like Digital Ocean. So, I use Digital Ocean servers to host NAN. Now, why would they do that? Well, it's a little more flexible and often times it's cheaper. For roughly the same amount of power, it's going to cost me like $7, $15 hosting on Digital Ocean. But again, it just requires a little more technical know-how. I'm responsible for the updates. And also, I'm going to be using the community version of Naden, not their official version. Now, what do I mean by the community version, the official version? Well, for all intents and purposes, they're pretty much the same. You can create the same agents and automations. The community version is just what is used by local hosting and self-hosting users and it gives you the ability to also use community nodes that aren't officially approved by NAN itself. The last type of hosting is local hosting. So if in self-hosting I had a third party, you know, run nad for me. In self-hosting I'm the third party, right? It's first party hosting. It's either on my computer or my own server that I own. And again, this tends to be cheaper. It tends to be more flexible. I control where the data comes in and out of, but just requires a little more technical knowhow. And so for this master class, we're not going to dive too deep into that, but I do have videos that go through how to selfhost and how to local host. I'll link those below. So if you are interested in doing that, you can go ahead and execute. So I hope you are only mildly confused about the hosting situation with NN. But for us, we're going to be on the cloud. Super easy. And we're going to do the free trial. So you're just going to hit get started for free. And then you're going to fill out all your information. And then you're going to click start automating. And that's going to bring you to this page which is essentially your control center for all your automations. Right up here we have workflows, credentials, execution. So all the workflows you create are going to be listed here. If you click credentials, right, every time we hook up an external account to NAD, it's going to have a corresponding credential. You'll be able to see all of them here. And then executions are just that. It's a log of all the executions. Every time you run a workflow, that's an execution. So we can always come here if we need to troubleshoot something or see what actually happened in the past. Now what you need to care about here on the lefth hand side is the admin panel. So if I click there on the bottom left, this is where I can change things in my account. I can upgrade my plan. I can manage my billing. And what you can also manage if you click up there on the top is your version. So NN pushes out updates fairly regularly. So if you ever need to update your NN version, this is where you're going to come. And then also make sure you have verified community nodes clicked here. Now the only other thing you might care about here on the lefth hand side is templates and this brings you to the workflow marketplace for naden. So as you see over 3200 naden workflows most of them are free some are paid but you can kind of search for any workflow that you're trying to build or want to see how someone else built it and find it here. You just click on it right it'll be used for free. It allows you to download it and then upload it in your own nit instance. And oftent times they do a really good job of explaining hey here's the features here's how it works. Why should you care? So, great place if you're trying to get inspiration for building your own workflows or just want to see if something exists that you are trying to automate yourself. And so, that brings us back to here and let's actually build our first workflow. So, you're going to hit start from scratch or you can hit create workflow. So, here we are inside of the canvas and this is where we actually build our edit end workflows. Now, to change the name of the workflow, you just come up to here on the left, you click on that and you can name it whatever you want. I'm going to name mine demo. We're able to save the workflow up here, share it, turn it to active to inactive. We can look at our executions and we'll go deeper into those as we build our actual automation. On the lefth hand side, you have the ability to zoom to fit. So, if I have my workflow gets like moved and I can't see it, you can just click this on the bottom left and it'll snap you to the center. You can zoom in, zoom out. You can also do that by hitting control and doing uh your little mouse wheel right forward and back will zoom you in and out. You can also reset the zoom and then you also have the ability to tidy your workflow and we'll go into that again once we've actually built some stuff. And so your first ever workflow, what we are going to do is we're essentially going to recreate chat GBT. So we're going to create an ability to have chat messages. We're going to hook it up to the AI large language model of our choice. We're going to give it memory so you can kind of understand how chat GPT is working underneath the hood and how easy it is to recreate it in something like NADN. So for the first step, you can either click here or you can press tab. Tab also will bring up the screen on the right. And I'm going to move myself over here. And so what do we need first? We need a trigger. Every workflow, every agent has a trigger. This is what starts the automation and gets the ball rolling. And you can see here on the right, there's a ton of different things that can be triggers, right? We could have a form submission. We could have another workflow call this workflow. We could just have a manual one. Right? I click a button, it starts. For this, we are going to use on chat message. So you can just click that. And whenever you click a module, you'll see a screen like this pop up. And this is where you can edit the model. Now this is one is very simple. So on the lefth hand side, all we have the ability to edit is make chat publicly available. We're not going to click that. And we can also allow file uploads as well. So, we're just going to leave it as is. We're going to go back to the canvas. So, now this is my trigger. And I can also open chat. If I click that, I can actually type below. I can say hello. And you know, nothing happens because it's not connected to anything. But that's how you set up a trigger. Next thing we want to do is when we send a message, what do we want it to go to? We want it to go to a large language model. So, if I want to add a new node, I just hit the button right here. And then I have all these options on the right, right? It tells me, hey, do you want to build an AI agent? Do you want to do some sort of action transformation? All sorts of stuff. But we are going to search for AI agent. Click that. And just like you saw before, we have all this stuff pop up. Now, in later lessons, we're going to dive really deep in how we can manipulate all these things, but to start, we're going to just going to keep it as is. And as an aside, if you ever want to dive deeper into what these modules do, there's a little docs button here on the top right. If you click that, it will bring you to the official NAN documentation. And their documentation is actually really good and explains how everything works pretty simply. So now we're going to go back to our canvas. And while we are going to keep this all the same, let's talk about what's actually happening here. So going to zoom in a little bit. Source for prompt. What does that mean? Well, think of the prompt as the input. When you talk to chat GPT, your message to chat GBT is the prompt. And similar here, what's going to be the prompt? It's going to be the connected chat trigger node. So any message we put inside that chat is going to go here. And that prompt, that message has an associated variable. Now, a variable just means this right here, this JSON.put, that stands for something, and that stands for the actual chat message. So what's the prompt? It's the chat message. What's the variable for the chat message? Well, it's this prompt right here. So, now we're going to back out. And you can see we now kind of have this AI agent set up, but it's red because it isn't ready to go. And we need to connect a few things to it. And what do we need to connect to it? Well, we need to connect a chat model. The actual brains of an AI agent, right? For chat GPT, what's the chat model? Well, it depends. You know how you can change it from 40 to 01 to 03. That's the chat model behind the scenes. So, if I click chat model, we'll see here on the right, we actually have a ton of different models to choose from. And these are all the big models that you know and love. Anthropic, that's Claude, you know, we have Gemini, Deepseek, Mistral, O Lama, and then we have at the bottom OpenAI's chat model, which is what we're going to be using today. So, I'm going to go ahead and click it. And there's two things we're going to have to put in here. One, we have to put a credential. And hey, they're going to give us free open API credits. Sure, we'll take that. And hey, it gave us some free Open AI API credits, which is nice. But I'm actually going to show you how to connect to your account for real. And what we have to do is we need a credential. And so to get a credential for any account, you're just going to click down here and you're going to do create new credential. And so it's asking us for our API key. We can put in an organization ID if we want. And we have a base URL. Now, what the heck are we actually supposed to put here? Well, we're going to follow the documentation. So we're going to hit open docs. And this is NAN giving us the exact instructions of how to set it all up. So first thing we need to do is we need to create an open AI account. So, we're going to create an OpenAI account. Follow the link. Create an account if you've never done it before. And then you're going to see something like this. What I want you to do is go to the top right where it says settings. Come to the left where it says billing. And you are going to need to add to your credit balance. So the way we'll dive into APIs a little bit deeper soon, but what's happening is when you use this large language model is you are sending a request to OpenAI to the company that runs chat JBT saying, "Hey, I want to use your large language model in this workflow." Well, that costs a certain amount of money. Usually, it's fractions of a penny, but it's something. And so to do that, you need to have some sort of balance. So, we're essentially putting a credit on our account. Feel free to put any like $5 is more than enough. And so, once you have the balance, next we need our API key. So to do that, you're going to come to the bottom left. You're going to go to API keys. And API keys are essentially your password that you're going to be giving to OpenAI saying, "Hey, I'm a user and I have money. Use my account." Right? And you also have your request alongside it. So you're going to go to create new secret key and you're going to give it a name, right? Create secret key. This gives you an API key. You're going to copy that. Now, also remember, never give anyone your API key. Don't even show it to anybody. So, I'm going to delete mine later. And then we're just going to paste that in there. We're going to leave the base URL the same. And we're going to save this. And we're now connected. And so, now it's time to choose a model. Now, we go down the list. There's a million different models. How are you supposed to know which one to choose? Well, each model costs a different amount because it uses a different amount of power. And the way that price is calculated is based on tokens. Think of every word that you chat GPT as an individual token. And the price for every model is charged by millions of tokens. So if we look at OpenAI's pricing right here, right? If we look at 4.1 mini, this is breaking it down into input, cache, input, and output. So input, what is it saying? It's saying for every 1 million tokens, think of if I give this model 1 million words to look at. I have a 1 millionword query, it's going to cost me 40. And it's also going to cost money for the output. So if I give it a $1 million query for 40 and it came back and gave me a 1 millionword response, that would be $160. So that's how the pricing is done for these different models. And you can see it's different for each of these, right? 4.1, $2 and $8, 4.1 nano, even cheaper, 10 cents, and 40. So there's always kind of this balance that you have to strike between how powerful of a model do I need and how much am I willing to pay. But also realize 40 cents for a million tokens, that's a lot of tokens. That's a lot of words. So fairly cheap in the grand scheme of things. And if you're ever confused about, well, which model should I choose for what, I suggest just asking chat GPT. So for this, we're just going to use 4.1 mini, which is one I really like. And so now we can actually talk to this model. We can actually talk to essentially chat GPT. So go ahead and open your chat. And again, I'll uh move myself over here. And you can see your chat down here on the bottom left. And if I just say, "Hey, how's it going?" We can see the model at work, right? Goes from the chat message, hits the AI agent, hits the model, and then outputs it. Hey, I'm doing great. Thanks for asking. How are you? How can I help you today? So, we just set up our own little mini chat GPT here, right? Pretty cool. And also, let's take a look at at what's going on down here, right? We have our logs, right? You can see it went from AI agent to the chat model to the actual message received. And then you can also see when I click in here, you can also see the amount of tokens it used. Remember how it cost 30 what? 40 cents per million tokens. How many tokens did we use? 33. So if you do the math, it was, you know, 0001 cent is what that cost us. And you can also see broken down by prompt and completion, which is inputs and outputs. Now, why should you care about all that? Like that's great, Chase. Uh there's logs and stuff. Well, when we start doing more complex things and when you start doing unique things, guess where you're going to look when things go wrong? The logs. And so, what else do we have here? Well, we have memory. Because right now there's no memory with this agent. So, if I say my name is Chase, right? It's going to say, hey, that's great. Your name is Chase. And if I ask it again, what's my name? It's not going to remember, right? We see down here as my name is Chase. That's great. What's my name? I don't have that info. How can I help you today? So, we have to add some sort of memory to this thing. Now, if I hit plus on here, we have simple memory. Again, I'll kind of move my around. This is going to be the name of the game for today. They have simple memory here as well as a bunch of other memory. Now, memory comes in a bunch of different forms. This case, simple memory. It's not hard to set up. I just click it and we're good. We have context, window, memory, length. So, this is going to remember the last five interactions I've had with it. I could change that to 10 or whatever if I wanted to. And now it's going to remember my name when I tell it. The other memory options you saw there were more robust memory systems like actual databases. And so the last thing we're going to hit in today's lesson is going to be system messages because every AI system has what's called a system message. Now what is that? Well, if you click inside your AI agent and go to system message, you'll see it says your helpful assistant. Now a system message is just the internal set of instructions that every sort of AI agent checks with before it answers you. Right? This is the logic. This is sort of the training that you're giving it. Now, ChatGpt has one under the hood. You don't see it. But this is where when we do more complex things, we tell it, hey, here's how I want you to go through your tasks. Here's how I want you to respond. Here's how I want you to log logically assess the problems. And you can get kind of ridiculous with this to like make a point. So, I could say like, hey, I only want you Great typing. I only want you to respond in old English, right? And if I then execute the step up here, I can then see what sort of response it's going to give me. And so this is similar to you creating a custom GPT and doing custom instructions. So like the output after I said, "Hey, he said after I asked it my name, I said, "Pray, good sir, lady, thou hast not yet revealed thy name unto me, right? And so we're going to get really deep into system messages in later lessons." And this is where we're actually going to end today because I think this is a good place to start. And so what did we do today? We signed up for NAN. We learned about triggers. We learned about some of the basics of AI agents that we'll dive into in more detail later. We learned how to hook up a OpenAI chat model and deal with sort of APIs. And then lastly, we worked on system messages. So, if you understood all of that, you're actually in a great place moving forward because in our next lesson, we are actually going to flesh out a true AI agent and add more and more tools. We're going to go into stuff like HTTP requests. I'm going to explain what APIs are in a little more depth and we're going to get into some of the nuances and the really powerful tools that Naden provides for us. So, make sure you're on the lookout for that video because it will be dropping

=== 10x Your LinkedIn Content With This AI Automation (n8n tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9sEZMg6jU4

In this video, I'm going to teach you how to steal anybody's LinkedIn content strategy. But I'm not just going to give you a playbook of what they're doing. I'm going to have them actually write your posts for you. And to do that, you just need two things. The LinkedIn URL of the creator you're trying to emulate. Whose voice do you love on LinkedIn? Who you actually want to write like. Next, all you need is the topic of your post. And this is going to give you two things. One, that playbook that we talked about, hey, their hook, their structure, how they write. but it's also going to give you a post about your topic of choice in their voice. So, I hit submit and a couple things are happening. First thing, it's scraping their last 10 LinkedIn posts. From there, it gives it to AI. In this case, we're using OpenAI's 4.1 Mini, but it's doing the analysis. Like I said before, how they write, and then it's applying that to your topic. Lastly, the final product gets uploaded into Google Sheets for you to take a look at before you go ahead and post it on LinkedIn. And so, this is what it looks like. We get the creator, their LinkedIn URL, the actual playbook, like I said before, hooks, structures, tone, formatting. It also gives examples of how they've done it in the past. And then it gives you your actual post. And so, while this is a really simple workflow, I think it actually packs a ton of value for those of you who are trying to post on LinkedIn, but just kind of don't like the way your posts are performing and want to emulate some of the best creators in your space. And so without further ado, let's actually jump into it and we'll go module by module and I'll explain to you how this all works and how you can edit it to make it yours. So first things first, we just have our on form submission that you saw before and we're just asking for two things. The URL of their LinkedIn and then the post topic. What do you want to post about? And from there that gets sent to our Appify scraper that's scraping the last 10 posts they've done. Now what is Appify? Well, Appify is a third party marketplace for web scrapers. So you can go in here, you can find scrapers for Instagram, LinkedIn, obviously Tik Tok. Anything that can be scraped, you can probably find it on Aify. And this is the particular scraper we're using, the LinkedIn profile, posts, bulk scraper, no cookies, $2 per 1k. All right, let's kind of break it down. No cookies. What does that mean? It means your account isn't ever involved in the situation, right? LinkedIn and scraping can be scary. We don't want to get banned. These no cookie scrapers means your account is not involved in the process whatsoever. So you're safe. Second, $2 per thousand posts. That means I can scrape a thousand posts for $2. When it comes to Ampify, you get $5 off the bat for free. I believe it's every single month. If you actually want to sub and use it a bit more like robustly and you want to use more and more um scrapers, it's going to cost you about $40 a month. And those $2 are then taken from that 40. So, it's not like 40 plus two. It's kind of like a credit. You're able to find your API key down in the bottom left if you go to settings. And then in terms of what we can do with the scraper, you can kind of just go through the information and see the different settings that we can have. The biggest thing is obviously the target URLs. That's what gives us the posts, but you can actually scrape reactions, comments, all that sorts of thing. For this particular workflow, we're only getting like one comment and one reaction, I believe. We're not here to do comments. We just want the post content, right? That's what we care about. And then you can obviously test it here if you go to input and then put in different target URLs and you can see, hey, what's the output look like? What dials do I need to kind of like adjust to get the output I want. So have your API key ready because you're going to need that. And then we're going to come back in here in our API module and you're going to see this URL. Now, where did I get this URL? I got it from the top right. I went to API API endpoints and then I did run actor synchronously and get data set items. Now, why did you do that one? You want the run actor and get data set items because that allows us to just use one module. So, it's going to like execute its task then come back with all our answers with all our data instead of using a run this actor cuz if we run the actor then we need to have another node where we then get the data like I don't want two nodes. I don't want to do any sort of like web hook pinging. I just want you to do the work and get the data. So, that's why we use this one and we use the URL all the way up to the question mark. So, you don't need this little part at the end here. Just copy that. Going to go back in here. It's post. It's that URL I showed you. You're passing in your API key. So, it's going to be bearer capital B space API key. And don't worry, I'll delete mine after this. Then accept application JSON. Now, down here in the JSON body, and I'll bring this up. You see that we're passing the target URL. Now, max post is set to 10. You could have this be a variable item, right? We could have this on the form submission if you wanted. You can hardcode it to be less, more, whatever you want. Same thing with the comments and the reactions that we're getting. And so when we run this, like you saw in the demo, we have all this data here on the right. So it gives you the URLs, it gives you like some stuff about comments, the actual content, right? And so the next job is to take all this, all 10 of these posts and shove it into our AI analysis module, which is why we have this aggregate node here, right? Because we don't want the post to come in one at a time, like one post to analysis, two post to analysis. I want a big box with all the data that's called this creators post and shove it into the AI system. And so that's what this aggregate node does. Takes these 10 posts, turns it into one item that we then pass to our AI analyzer. Now, for this, I'm just using GPT4.1 mini. This isn't like a real heavy lift for it. And you'll see here in the user prompt that we're passing, right? We're passing all 10 posts, the user topic, and the creator URL. Now, for the system message, this is where we make our money, right? So, I did this. I went back and forth with Gemini to have it create this. And you see, hey, you're an expert LinkedIn ghost writer, content strategist. I go through how I want it to analyze the piece. I go through the final output, just how I want everything to work. And again, as always, this is where you need to do your editing. If you want something changed, you don't like what the output looks like, this is where you change it. And so, for the output, we have three different things, right? We have the analysis ID. So, it's the name of the influencer as well as a date and time. We have the actual playbook and then we have the actual content of the post. And to get that, we also use a structured output parser. So, we know every single time it's going to give us the output in the format we want. And we need it in that specific format because, as you'll see in the next module, when we set it all up in Google Sheets, we need specific things to go in specific cells. And so, lastly, we update Google Sheets, right? And I have a template for this sheet if you need it in my school community. But we match on the ID because that's going to be different every single time. That way we don't get any sort of like weird things where cells are being overwritten. We map the creator um here. So right like what are we doing? We're matching it from the form submission. So my LinkedIn URL is getting dragged here. The ID right dragged in there. Playbook dragged in there. Same thing with post. Same thing with topic. And that becomes LinkedIn. Um, and that becomes the LinkedIn ghost writer kind of sheet we have here, right? ID, creator, playbook, like we said, goes into hook, structure, tone, formatting, call to action, and then we have our example post, which you can easily just copy and then paste it into LinkedIn. And I know we ran through that really quickly, but that's the workflow in a nutshell, right? This is just a really simple automation, five nodes. But I also think while it might be a beginner node, it's a great one to kind of like try out because if you're like new to NN and you're just looking for something that you know can provide you value and you can use right away, I think this is a great tool. Tons of people need something to help them create quality LinkedIn posts, but also we hit on a bunch of different things, right? Like form submissions always useful. We start going into HTTP requests and we kind of get a little taste of scraping via Amplify. We do some AI analysis and data aggregation. And while this may seem simple, it's important to really internalize these things because one of the most difficult things to really master in NN is like how do we manipulate data? Like how do I really get the data I want from the left side of the equation to the right side of the equation? And often times little things like this aggregate node actually do a ton of work cuz without it this whole thing would kind of fall apart. It wouldn't really do what we wanted it to do. And then lastly, I think you can also see a great example of how do we, you know, an analyzing it is almost the easy thing, right? Like I know AI can analyze these posts, but how can I output it so it makes sense and then I can put it somewhere that, you know, a client or a user like yourself actually cares about, right? And that's where stuff like a structured output parser comes in where we give an actual actual example of like okay this is what I want the output to look like with the analysis ID the formatting the topic all that because like you saw before these things do have to match like we need a specific thing for ID for creative or playbook etc. So while simple and while we ran through that quick, we actually hit on a lot of important tenants of automation building inside of NAND. And like like I believe I mentioned before, this is also a great template that we will use to build on. Right? This is LinkedIn, but we can also extend this to YouTube, Instagram, and Tik Tok. And that's something we're going to do in future videos. And what we'll really do is we'll see, can we just combine this all into like one AI agent that has all these different, you know, ghost riders essentially attached to it and it can intelligently figure out which one to ping and then which one to, you know, execute on our behalf. So, um, looking forward to that one. I think that one will be a ton of fun. Um, but yeah, hope this one worked out for you. As always, the template is in the school if you want to download and upload it from there and just get it up and running. So let me know it worked for you and good luck.

=== n8n AI Agents For COMPLETE Beginners ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un4sA2fno0A

So, one of the most confusing things when you first start getting into the AI space is trying to get a hold and understand what is an AI agent and what is it not. And many AI agent content creators like myself don't make it easy for you because you're often, you know, shocked and odd with images like this. These gigantic AI agents with a million different workflows, half of which are referred to as an AI agent half the time, even though they aren't really an AI agent, but they're an automation. But what's the difference? Why does it matter? super super confusing for anyone who's brand new. And what I wish is someone had sat me down and kind of broken it down component by component and explain to me what an AI agent is, what it does, what makes up an AI agent, and how it differs from everything else. And so in this video, that's exactly what we're going to do. I'm going to take you through what I call the five pillars of AI agents, breaking it down as simply as possible, assuming you're not technical, you're not a developer, you've never done any of this before, but you want to understand why it all works. and we'll also go into what the difference is between an AI agent and an AI automation. So, by the end of this, you'll just be only slightly confused when people bring it up. For my demonstration, I'm going to be inside of NADN. This is a no code, low code platform that allows you to build AI agents, AI workflows without actually having code and gives you nice visuals. So, it's perfect for our demonstration here today. And so, what you're looking at here is the five pillars of AI agents. is essentially an AI agent that has been deconstructed on the left hand side and then on the right hand side is essentially that same AI agent but put together. So this way as we go through it I'm going to show you what each part does kind of in a vacuum and then we'll also be able to reference it and see what it looks like as part of a whole. So first things first, what is an AI agent? Well, there's no official definition anywhere. There's no AI agent police that are going to come and arrest you if you call an automation an agent. Although some comment sections will make you think otherwise, but a great article on what is an AI agent came out at the end of last year by Enthropic. Now, Enthropic is the makers of Claude and they have a really good definition for what agents are. And so, how they define it is agents are systems where large language models dynamically direct their own processes and tool usages, maintaining control over how they accomplish tasks. Now, what does that mean? That means AI agents are dynamic and that they have multiple tools at their disposal that they can use to complete a task. And so that tool usage setup is something we see over here on the right with our AI agent. Right? You see all these tools here in the bottom in the green. These are all the things that our AI agent can do. And we could have as many tools attached to that as we want. Right? Think of chat GPT but with the ability to do things on your behalf. Send emails, do internet research, right? Send notifications like Slack. anything like you think a human could do on the internet, there's probably a tool associated with it that you can hook up to an AI agent. And the agent's ability to have multiple tools at its disposal and pick the correct one for the job it's given. That's what makes an AI agent an AI agent versus an automation, which is much more linear, right? It's always going to do the same thing every time, right? Imagine if I had an automation where I drop a file inside of Google Drive, which then triggers a Slack message being sent in a group, right? That's an automation. We could even throw AI in that and have some large language model complete the message and say, "Hey, this is what got put in the uh Google Drive. Here's who should know about it." It's still it's a linear thing. It always does the same thing every single time it's triggered. Agents are dynamic. So hopefully that kind of explains what the AI agent is. And again, great article by Anthropic called Building Effective AI Agents. Highly suggest you check it out. But let's dive a little bit further into each part because I think you can break down AI agents into five main components. And those components are as follows. You have the brain of the AI agent. You have memory, tools, inputs, and outputs. Now, I probably could have done a better job color coding this so it kind of corresponds. But let's first talk about the brain over here on the left. This is this brain. This is associated with an AI model. So we see that over here deepseek, open AI, claude. When you think of chat GPT, you think of large language models. There's a model under the hood, right? ChatGpt has 4.1, 01, 03, right? That is the actual large language model. And that's what acts as the brain, right? It's what decides, hey, I'm going to use tool A, I'm going to use tool B and then gives you a response. That's the brain, right? And it's arguably the most important piece. And these brains come in different levels, right? You can have a like dumber brain that takes up less compute power like a 4.1 mini, right? or nano or we can have really really powerful ones like sonnet or opus 4 and again over here on the right you kind of see that in action you can see the tools connected with the brain now next we have memory right in this case we see simple memory and we see postgress chat memory now simple memory is essentially something that just kind of like lives on your browser almost but memory is what allows the AI agent to kind of remember your past few conversations right something that chat GPT has right it can remember your conversations sometimes a whole lot of them and most AI agents need some form of memory to actually be useful and again that can be rather simple or it can be a fullblown database like with Postgress right something that's stored everywhere remembers all of your conversation has metadata associated with it right so there's definitely levels to memory just like there's levels to a large language model but that's the second piece and on the right hand side we see that right here next we have the tools and like I talked about before right we see them here in the blue and down here on the right in the green right tools are what lets our AI agent do things, right? We see here, we see notion, we see Gmail, we see this think tool. We also see over here what's called the calendar tool and the email tool, right? And like what are these? Well, you can have your AI agent have sub AI agents, right? Your sub AAI agent could be a tool. That sub AI agent could also have another AI agent as a tool. You can have AI agents all the way down the stack, each of them acting as tools. So, just think of tools as things that they are able to do. And the nice thing when using a program like NAD, right, I'm able to just click in here and you can kind of see here on the right all these built-in tools. Now, tools are usually associated with what is known as like an API, um, an application programming interface. And an API, if you ever hear it, it's just like one program talking to another. And it's the language they use to speak to one another. So, they know, hey, I need this data when you talk to me, and I need this data back. API, two programs talking to one another. Next, we have our inputs. And that can be a number of things. That's just what you use to talk to it, right? Again, chat GBT. What is it? It's chat, right? It's just a chat interface. Or it could also be a trigger. You can have an AI agent you never actually speak to. It just does things when other things happen somewhere, right? Like we have a Gmail trigger. If I get a specific email in my inbox that shows up, I want this agent to, depending on what's in the email, do task A, B, C, or D. Respond to it, draft up a response, notify me, whatever. It could be a trigger. It can be chat. And here we actually have voice as well. So the ability to actually talk to it could be another input. That's just how you speak with your Asian, right? So we've just gone over brain, memory, tools, inputs. Lastly, outputs. What's the final product? How does it talk to you? Again, to bring up chat GPT, the final product is just a text, right? Sometimes it's code. But just like inputs can be super varied, so can outputs, right? In this case, this responds to you with a web hook, which corresponds to the voice one. So this AI agent over here on the right actually uses voice to talk to you and talk back. But again, could be a Slack message, it could be the creation of an email, it could be a PDF, it could be something inside of Excel, whatever you want. There needs to be some sort of final output though. And so those five pillars become this like we've been talking about, right? Brain, memory, tools, inputs, outputs. And the final thing I would talk about AI agents and going a little bit deeper is what is known as the system message and that's what you see here all this text. Now what is the system message and system messages are similar to prompts right? I talk to chat GBT, I give it a prompt that is called the user message, right? That's what the user is asking it to do. But every single AI system usually, well, most of them have what is called a system message. And that's essentially a set of instructions under the hood that define its logic that say, hey, this is how I want you to act. These are the tools you have available to you. This is how I want you to logically flow through something. Right? you know, when chat GBT was being like super sickopantic with people, right, not so long ago, that probably had something to do with the internal system message of it. And so system messages are very, very important because as intelligent as these systems are, they're also kind of really stupid to a certain extent, right? I like to refer to them as like genius interns. And these system messages essentially give them blinders that allow them to focus and do what you need them to do. And so that's kind of like the sixth pillar I would say. So, that was just a really quick video on this. I hope it kind of made AI agents make a little more sense to you and how they compare with automations, right? The biggest thing is they have tools and they can choose to use them depending on the task, right? They're dynamic. It's not always doing the same thing every single time and they're, you know, kind of broken up into these big parts. So, again, hope that helped you out. I know it was super confusing when I started. I wish this is how someone explained it to me. And let me know if you have any questions in the comments.

=== I Built an AI Clone That Turned Into a 24/7 Content Factory with NO CODE (n8n + HeyGen tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cssXANFXBxM

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to create your own AI clone using Hey Genen. It's going to look like you. It's going to talk like you. And it's going to become a huge part of our AI content creation machine. So, what you just saw there actually was an AI avatar that I created in Hey Gen. And this video is going to be all about that. I'm going to show you how to go into Hen and create that avatar. I'm going to show you how to set up this workflow inside of NAN. And then we're going to talk about actual real life applications of this because as cool as it is to generate these, you know, AI avatar videos, how can we actually use it to drive value? Where can we actually have some use cases for this technology? And so to start, we'll do a quick overview of this workflow you're looking at right now. Then we'll actually dive into Hen because surprisingly setting this all up inside of Hen is actually a pretty easy process. The hardest process is going to be, you know, kind of what I talked about before, the practical application and what you in your particular use case looks like. So, let's get into it. So, for our example here, what we are doing is we are creating an avatar that takes in daily AI news and then just talks about it and then we post it to YouTube, Tik Tok and Instagram. And so to do that, the way this workflow starts is you see we have a manual trigger and a scheduling trigger. In production, you use a scheduling trigger. So, this post, you know, every day at, I don't know, four o'clock, whenever you decide. It then uses Tavly to search the web for trending AI news. And then it gets sent to the script, title, and caption generator cuz it's going to create three things for us. First, the script, and that's what the AI avatar is actually going to read. Next, it also produces a title and a caption that we are going to need when we upload to places like YouTube, Tik Tok, etc. Once we get past the prompt creation, then we're looking at the video creation piece. And this one's actually pretty easy. We're just sending an API request to HGEN. And then we send another request to actually get the video. Now, the amount of time it takes to create the video differs. So, we just kind of have a little polling loop right here to make sure we get it once it's done. Now, once that video has been created, we go down two paths. You'll see here we have the Google Drive path. So, you might be of the opinion that, you know what, I don't want to have it automatically posted to social media. I just want it to be downloaded onto my Google Drive, onto my, you know, Dropbox, and I'll take it from there, right? I'll edit it. I'll add different stuff. I want to be in charge. So, that's what's happening up here on top. And then down below, we just have some automatic posting, right? So, you'll then have the video of your avatar talking again, sent to YouTube with the title and caption and as many other social media sites as you want. And we're using Blotato for this. Again, I'll put a link above where I dive into how to set up. Um, you could be doing nine. We could have nine social media platforms being posted to all at once every single day of you and your little AI avatar talking about the news, right? Um, and then we also talked about alternatives like, you know, upload posts and all sorts of things. But the big thing here is this is just one use case of this AI avatar that's doing news, right? Cuz that's an easy one. But there's a million of them under the sun. But this template, I think, remains, right? You need some way to generate information. And this is where AI kind of comes in, right? You're getting data from something, whether that's news or whether that's your internal documentation. I mean, this could be like an internal newsletter that you send out, right, with your avatar. Whatever it is, you're getting data. You're sending it to AI and it's creating scripts from there. We send the scripts to Hey Genen. It does its thing. It creates the video. And then lastly, we go into publishing and posting. And that's all that happens here in this purple box. And so to start, we're actually going to dive into this part. We're going to talk about Hey Genen. So, what we're going to do now is we're going to go to hijen.com. We're going to set up an account. You can do a free trial and I'm going to show you how you can get your avatar up and running. So, as you log into Hey Genen, the first thing you're going to see is this pricing tab. We are just going to use the free trial. And I want you to note something. All of this stuff, all this pricing is if you're just using the web app, right? So, I'm inside the web app creating things. There's an entirely different price structure for APIs, which in fact we'll just dive into right now so I can show you. And this is the API pricing. You'll notice it's much more steep, right? We have $0 for the free, then 99, 330, and then hey, Enterprise, they're going to get their money out of you. So, real quickly, let's talk about the API and how it works. So, for the free one, it goes off credits, right? 10 free credits a month. Is that 10 videos? Maybe, maybe not. The way it works is every 30 seconds of video is half a credit. And if I did a 2cond long video, that's half a credit. If I did a 29 second video, that's half a credit. So on and so forth. So you can get, if you have short videos, 20 free videos a month. Now, the problem with that is is on the free plan, it's going to be downscaled. So you're only looking at 720p. And you are also going to have a watermark on the bottom right. Could you get rid of the watermark? Probably if you wanted to. Just understand that's what you're dealing with. Now, if this is something you're doing for real, right? You actually want to do this at scale. You have a lot of content you want to put out and you want to look more professional. Hey, the $99 a month everything for free watermark is removed. So, you can actually get a lot of work here. It's kind of a shame there's something in the middle, but $99 a month, it's not cheap, but for what this actually creates and it's a pretty high quality video, it's not bad. So, just understand the pricing structure coming into this. And everything we do today will be done on the free plan. All right. So, here we are. We're going to choose free. Enter all your information. Blah blah blah. Yeah. Okay. So, here we are. Now, what we want to do is we want to create our own avatar. So, you're going to come over here to the left where it says avatars. You're going to create a new avatar. And also of note, you have all of these down here. Um, hey Jen actually has a lot of like pre-created avatar stuff you can look at, but we want our own, right? So, we're going to do create new avatar. You only have this one available, so you're going to click that. And then it's going to go through a little video explaining what you need to do. So, what's going to happen is you're going to hit get started down here, and then you're going to record a video. It's going to be for about 30 seconds to a minute. You can just talk to it however you want, and it's basically going to get your video, your face, your voice, all that. So, then it can create the content. So, go ahead and do that. I'm going to do it myself and then I'll see you on the other side. Once you're done with that, Hey Genen is kind of complete. It has your avatar ready to go. It just needs us to send it scripts for it to start making clones for us. And so now what we're going to do is we're going to jump into n and get this workflow going. All right. So here we are inside of nitn and let's just take it from the top. So we have our manual trigger and then we have our schedule trigger. For the schedule trigger do it for whenever you want. Obviously if I was doing this news for real, I'd probably do something like 4 5 or 6 p.m. and just have this run every day. Next we have Tavi. If you've never used Tavi before, it's one of the community nodes. So make sure you've gone into settings if you're on the Naden cloud enabled community nodes. And then you're just going to search for Tavi over here. And then it'll give you the option to download it. And you are going to need an API key for Tavi if you've never gone there before. It's just tavly.com. You log in. And the best part about Tavi is they give you a,000 free credits every single month, which basically is hundreds of searches. And right off the bat, you'll see your API key. It's right here. You just click that and then you're going to be ready to go. So we're inside of Tablety. You need to connect your account. You're just going to do create new credential. And all you have to do is dump your API key in there that we just saved. And then you're connected. And then what we're going to do is we're going to do a search. We're going to do a query. And for me, that query is always going to be the same, right? Cuz we're doing news. It's going to be top AI tech news for today. And I've added two options. I just wanted to check in the last 24 hours essentially. And there's a lot of options in here you can play with as well. And you can see here over on the right where I've pinned the data, it's just searched a number of different news sites to give us that information. So now that I have all the data on the top AI news, now what I'm going to do is I'm just going to shove it into a large language model. In this case, I'm using OpenAI's 4.1 Mini. And so you can see here, I didn't do anything fancy. I just took that entire thing, shoved it into the user prompt, right? It's not it's not, you know, parsed at all. And in the system message, I'm telling it, hey, you are an AI news reporter and your task is to come up with three things. I want you to come up with a 30 secondond script for something like Tik Tok or YouTube talking about the major um events in the last day. And then I want you to come up with a title and I want you to come up with a caption that I can use on something like YouTube, right? And at the bottom there, you see the desired output. I say it's in JSON and I want three things coming out of here. The script, the title, and the caption. Now, how did I come up with this system prompt? Did I come up with this on my own? No. All I did is I went to Gemini, which is my personal favorite LLM, and I just explained to Gemini what I just explained to you. I want a system prompt for a large language model that's going to take in the news and outputs those three things: script, title, caption. And honestly, that's how you should approach most system messages. You know what you want the system to do. You just don't know how to write it in a way that works for AI, usually some sort of markdown format. Well, AI knows how to do that. Just go to AI, tell it what you want, and then copy paste it in there. And we can see over here on the right the actual output we got right we got the script. Hey big moves in AI this week. Open AAI shutting down for a week to help employees recover from intense burnout and um some of the stuff about Nvidia and some AI law stuff. So it gives me the title and it gives me the caption as well. Even included some emojis and um hashtags. And again whatever AI gives you feel free to come in here and play around with it. And if you have like a certain script you want like a style you wanted to talk with like the own way you talk what you could totally do is record yourself write down how you would say it and then shove it into the system prompt as well and be like hey talk in this manner. Okay so we got our data we figured out the script title and caption. Now comes time to actually go inside of hey genen and do some HTTP requests. So the first HTTP HTTP request is going to be this one where we generate the video. And so the method is going to be post. The URL is going to be api.hagen.com v2 videogenerate. Now where did I come up with that? Well, I found it in the documentation. Now if you do a Google search for docs.hagen, you'll find this or just go to docs.hagen.com. And over here on the left, if you've never looked at documentation before, all this is is like the different commands essentially that you can send to their API. And so right here we see on the left video generation. What do we want to do? We wanted to generate a video and you want to generate an avatar video v2. And all this stuff is all the different information you can send to it, right? You these are all the different settings, all the different things, all the different little things you can tune to make the video what you want it to be. And this is a lot. And how are you supposed to know how to actually put this in to this, right? Our JSON thing. Why does this look so much different than what we were just looking at all here? Well, this one that I'm going to show you and you see right here, very simple. And this is just to show you how it all works. Now, what I suggest you do is when you go through here after you do this tutorial and you get it working, you're probably going to want to change some things. Well, what I would do if I was you is I would take this. Well, here they even have a little ask AI thing in here, which is kind of nice. But you could copy all this, bring it to your AI of choice and say, "Hey, I'm trying to do a HTTP request to um, "Hey, Jen, these are the options I want to change. What would that look like?" And it's going to spit out something that looks like this. Now, we're doing this one, which is very simple, which is just the character, the voice, and the dimensions, just so you understand how these things work. Now, in your particular template, and again, the templates in the school, you're going to see probably some question marks here, right on the avatar and the voice ID, and we will get to those in a second. But the first thing we're going to do is just connect our account. So, post URL, we got that from the documentation. And then we're going to do a generic credential type. You're going to do header O. And then for the header off, this is where you are going to create a new credential. The name and for the value. So the name is going to be X API key again. Where did I get that? Got it from the documentation because you can see here over here in headers, right? You over see on the right hand side where I'm highlighting it. See where it says X API key, your API key. That's what we could send in the body, but instead inside of NAN, we're sending on the header. So, you're going to type x- API key. And then we need our API key. Where do we get it? We're going to come up here to the top left inside of Hen. You're going to go to uh the top one, personal, the settings, subscriptions, and API, and then Hen API, and it'll tell you how many credits you got left. And then you're just going to hit copy down here. Copy that. Come back in here, paste. I suggest you rename it something and then we save it. Right? It was successfully created. Now, every time a new any sort of HTTP request related to hey gen, I'm always going to set it up that way with authentication generic a typing header and then the header authorization. You don't need to send a query parameter. You don't need to send the headers. Now, we just need to send the body JSON using JSON. Now, we kind of talked about this a little bit already, right? We still need our avatar ID and we need our um voice ID. Where do we find those? Back inside Hen. So, if we go back into Hey Genen, we're going to go to avatars on the left. You're going to click on your avatar and make sure you're in here. We want our copy avatar ID. You don't want copy group ID or anything like that. If you were on the page before, you want copy avatar ID. Copy it. Come back into here. Paste that in. Now, we want to do voice. Now, to get your voice ID, once you're inside of Hey Gen, you're going to come down to AI voice under avatars, and you should see your voice clone here. Now, if you don't see it, it might just take a little time for it to populate. Try refreshing the page. It will show up. And then you're just going to get voice ID. Copy that. Come into here, and put in your voice ID. Now, what we have here as well is the input text. Now, this is what this is the script. This is what our avatar is actually going to say. And we can see that I mapped this from our script title and caption generator. So I just dumped that right in there. We also have a callback URL into there. You don't really need to worry about that. That's it. You're then going to hit execute step. And then on the right, what you're going to see is you're going to see a video ID populate. Now that's the actual ID that's been associated with the particular AI avatar video that hey is creating. But it doesn't mean it's done yet because the next HTTP request you're going to make is a get request. And you can see the URL here. Again, we got that from the documentation. We are authenticated using the general type header off. Same thing as before, but this time we are sending a query parameter. And so what we're sending them is saying, hey, is our video ready yet? By the way, this is our video ID. So you need this video ID there. And then we've mapped in that video ID value. So you can see here on the right, right, you see status completed. And then it gives us a few things. It gives us a thumbnail as well as a video URL. Now, it's not going to be completed right away. It takes a couple minutes for it to generate the video. And if it's not completed, it's going to say processing. And if it says processing, the way this works is this if statement checks to see, hey, is the status completed. If not, it waits 30 seconds, pings it again, and oops, and it completes this process until it's done. Now once your video is done we then have the ability to either download the video or get it ready via blot. Now for the download video all that's happening is we are getting let's execute the previous nodes is we are getting that URL. So it's going to be get and then the URL is this one video URL. So we just drag that in there. Now, if we follow this video URL, it would take us to a page with the video that was created. And all this is doing is downloading it onto NADN. So, then we can push it to our Google Drive or Dropbox or wherever you want that video to reside. And so, here in this node, I'm just using Google Drive in this case. Input data field name is just going to be data. And then the file name, name it whatever you want. I have a dynamic value where it just names it based on the date. So, 71 AI video. Now, let's go into the social media posting part. Again, we're using Blotato. I'll link it again above. I'm not going to deep dive on this video how to set up Blot, but it's a great resource for posting across multiple socials up to nine. If you don't want to use Blotato, I also suggest checking out upload-ost. It's another good website, and I have that linked over here. So, we send the video to Blot's backend. So, that's what's happening here. again post URL potato.comb2/media. You should have this all ready to go if you've done the potato lesson. And then what we're sending is the video URL again. Kind of same thing as before with the Google Drive, right? We're just giving it the URL and then we're mapping the URL information which is right here, right? We just drag and drop that in. Next, we push it to as many social media platforms as we want. And we'll demo YouTube here. So, inside of YouTube, right, this is still the blue potato stuff. What you need to change here is going to be obviously your account ID. That'll be different for you. And then you have the title, the text, and the URL. Now, these are just read because of the nature of having all this data pinned, but the title and the text, as I'll show you on the actual YouTube video itself, are what came from that large language model node that had a generate title caption script. So, that's all this is saying. And again, when it comes to the particular platform you're posting on, for example, here on YouTube, right, this is going to be unlisted, maybe you want it private, maybe you want it public, all those things will be different depending on the platform. And with this setup, it's just one button press and it starts running. And let me show you what the final product looks like for one I did on YouTube earlier. Open AAI is shutting down for a week to help employees recover from intense burnout as Okay, so what did we see here? You saw my AI clone talking actually does a pretty good job with the background. Things to note. Hey, right, we're on the free version. So, down here, you're going to have that watermark, but it did the title. So, AI shakeup, open AI pause, blah blah blah. And then it also did the caption. And again, all these things you want different captions, you want a greater description, all of that you can customize inside of the NAND workflow. So, that's pretty much the lesson, guys. As you saw, this entire Hey Genen setup of getting the avatar created and using it actually really, really easy. The hard part, as always, is how do we derive value from this tool? And in this video, we did a really simple, you know, use case of our little AI newscaster, but that's probably not the use case you are going to need to get your money's worth. So, before this video ends, I just wanted to take a quick moment to shout out my school community, which I think is a great place to check out if you're trying to level up your AI skills, no matter what your technical background is. We have tons of guides on AI automations and AI agents getting you from zero all the way to building really sophisticated workflows that can get you value no matter what your use case is. We also have a thriving community of fellow AI builders who are in all sorts of different experience levels. So no matter where you're at, Chase AI school community is a great place for you. And that question of figuring out where your money's worth is is going to be different from everyone who uses this. But I hope with this lesson, you were able to build a foundation where the gears are starting to turn in your mind and you're starting to think of, "Wow, how can I really use this to scale out my content game?" So, as always, let me know what you thought of this video and if you ran into any trouble.

=== Local Host Your AI Agents for Free With Docker, Ollama, and Cloudflare (n8n tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVsu45cnKrs

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to be teaching you how to locally host your AI agents on NADN. We're going to go through how to set up NADN on your computer using Docker. We're going to talk about how to get AI models also running on your computer via O Lama. And then I'm going to teach you how to set up a Cloudflare tunnel so these AI systems can properly use web hooks and triggers. But the first thing we're going to do is talk about what local hosting actually is and kind of give you an overview of how all this works from a high level before we actually get in there and start building stuff. So first things first, what's the difference between cloud hosting, self-hosting, and local hosting? Cuz these terms get used a lot almost interchangeably when it comes to building NAT workflows. So first of all, let's talk about cloud hosting. Now when people talk about cloud hosting, what they're usually talking about is just using the native NAN cloud. Now, this is the native NAND cloud. It's the one you actually pay for. So, when I sign up for NAND and I give them 20, 24 bucks a month. I'm buying the rights to use their NADN cloud. Now, the positives of that are is the simplicity. Like, it's going to work. You don't have to be technical. I just give them money and I know when I sign up and I go to NAND's website, my stuff is going to be there. Now, the downside obviously is a the cost and b some of the limitations, right? I can only do five active workflows and I can only do 2500 workflow executions a month before I have to go to a different tier. And because of those limitations, that's why you often hear about self-hosting. Now, self-hosting just means you're using NADN outside of their native cloud, right? And that self-hosting umbrella also includes local hosting. But when people talk about self-hosting, by and large, they're talking about going to some sort of third party and using their cloud hosting services. So like hosting your Digital Ocean. I go to these third parties usually for cheaper and I use naden there and I'm using their community version which is a slightly different version of naden than what you get on their native cloud and using the community node actually has a lot of advantages. I'm not limited to the amount of active workflows I have or the amount of executions and I have access to more community nodes. But this video isn't about hosting on nadn or self-hosting on a third party. This is about local hosting. And what is local hosting? Well, that's just having NAND on your own PC or your own servers. Now, why would you ever want to do this? Well, there's a couple reasons. One is security, data security. If I am dealing with, you know, proprietary information or sensitive data that I don't want exposed to the web, doing some sort of local hosting probably makes sense. This information is never going to leave my server and I can make it so it never even touches the internet. And the second reason is cost. It's essentially free. I'm not going to pay nan a dollar. I'm not going to pay OpenAI a dollar. Everything is downloaded onto my computer. The only payments I have is essentially the electricity to run it and also the cost of either the server or the PC. So, those two reasons, security and price are what drives a lot of people to local hosting. And it is something you need to have in your repertoire if you're ever going to be running your own AI agency and want to sell these things because there are a lot of businesses out there that do need local hosting solutions. And so, how does it all work? Well, in this instance, we're going to just pretend everything is on your personal computer. And there's a few things that we are going to need to set up. First of all, we need to get NAN on our computer. And the way we're going to do that is through Docker. Now, what is Docker? Well, Docker is a containerization system. What the heck does that mean? Well, everyone's computer is different. Different operating systems, different updates, different software on there. And if we just downloaded Nadn straight onto it and tried to run it natively, we could have some problems just based on how compatible our computer is. And so what Docker does, and it does this for a lot of programs, is is it essentially gives us this box that NAN is going to come in where we know it's going to run properly. So regardless of our PC or what we have on it, we just use Docker to download this box that includes NAN and we run that box on our computer and we know it's always going to work. Docker is also great because it allows us to very easily do updates, pull downloads, and it just keeps everything nice and neat. And so Docker is going to be the key piece to actually getting NAND localized. Now, in this video, we're actually going to take it a step further, and we're also going to localize our large language models. And we're going to do that using O Lama. Now, what's Olama? OMA is a program from Meta and it essentially allows you to download and run open-source large language models like DeepSeek. And so what we're going to have set up here by the end of this video is you are not only going to have Nad running locally, you're also going to have the large language model running locally, which means you can use both of them to your heart's content without paying a scent. And again, that data stays on your computer. Your information isn't getting sent to OpenAI. your information isn't getting sent to wherever information gets sent on the DeepSeek, you know, cloud service, right? It's all inside this nice little box. Now, again, what are the downsides of this though? It's free and it's safe. Can't just be all great, right? Well, it's the power of the systems and the power of the system is going to be depend on the power of your server, of your PC, right? So, for example, let's talk about DeepCar1, right? Large language models are usually classified by the amount of parameters they have. the top tier cloud models, we're talking like 01, 03, gem 92.5, we're talking about billions upon billions of parameters, right? They're generalized. They have to do a ton of stuff for a ton of people. Your local models are only going to have a few billion parameters, probably somewhere between 3 billion to 8 billion depending on the power of your computer. And so what we get in terms of price and security, we do lose some of the power of the model. It's just not going to be as good. But for a lot of people, they truly aren't doing things that require the cloud top tier frontier level large language models. And something like a 3 billion or 8 billion parameter DeepSeek is going to be totally fine. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to download it, how to look at different models, how you can tell which one is right for you. And the last step is going to be Cloudflare. Now, what the heck is Cloudflare? Well, as much as I've talked about having this all localized on your computer, there are going to be times where you actually want to interact with stuff on the web. You want to be able to deal with triggers. You want to be able to deal with web hooks. And Cloudflare is going to be what allows us to do that. And if you're someone who needs external triggers and external web hooks to work for your workflows, you are going to need something like Cloudflare, right? It's going to be a tunnel and it's also going to be essentially our security guard. So when information comes in from the web that's trying to talk to RPC, Cloudflare is going to make sure, hey, it's not some sort of common malicious attack. It's going to hide our home IP address, and then it's actually going to encrypt everything, which HTTPS. So it's helping keep us safe. It's getting rid of bad actors and it also just allows us to have much more robust workflows. And so all of that is what we are going to cover today step by step. And I'm going to assume you are also not technical at all. You don't know how to use a terminal. You don't even know what the terminal is. But we are going to dive into it a little bit. And I promise you it's not too scary. I'm going to give you all the commands that you need to use and we're going to get through it just fine. And the way we are going to attack this is simple. We are going to start with Oama, right? All right, we're going to go into O Lama. I'm going to show you how to download it and I'm going to show you how you can find different large language models and how you can actually use them inside your terminal so you can actually test it out. After we do that, we're going to go to Cloudflare. That's where we're actually going to get a domain name because we will need a domain name. It's going to cost you five $6 for a domain for a year, but that's what's going to allow us to actually use web hooks and triggers inside of our workflows. And once we get our domain set up and all the Cloudflare stuff figured out, that's when we are finally going to go into Docker and NAD. And because we've set up OLAM at that point and Cloudflare, we're going to do what's called a Docker compose file, which is essentially just a set of instructions that we give Docker that says, "Hey, this is what I want you to download, which is NADN. Here's the URLs we're using that we got from Cloudflare. Boot up." And it's instantly going to boot up NAN. And it's going to be ready for us to dive in there and actually start building things. So, without further ado, let's get into it. So, first things first, we're going to go to Lama.com. And you're just going to go ahead and download O Lama. And while we're on Olam and you're waiting for it to download, there is an option up here that says models. And this is the list of models that you can download onto your computer. It's actually pretty extensive. And let's kind of dive into it just a little bit. We can obviously sort by a number of things including popular or newest. Right now we have popular. The most popular one is Deep Seagar 1. And so if we click into Deep Seagar 1, we'll see a few things. We'll see how many downloads it's gotten. So 51 million when it was last updated. And we can see the different parameters. Like I mentioned before, this 1.5B, 7B, 8B, 14B, those are billions of parameters. Now, which one are you supposed to choose? A good rule of thumb is figure out how much RAM you have in your computer, half that, and look for something in that range. But probably even a better rule of thumb is just start small. So, I would suggest starting with the 1.5B and then we'll get down to the 7B. I'll show you how to download those here in a second. But when we go through it, we're going to download the appropriate one. We'll start 1.5. We're just going to talk to it right through our terminal, ask it questions like you would chat GPT. And during that time, you're going to be able to figure out if this model is too big or not. Because if the model is too big, you're going to notice your computer slowing down. You can also go into your task manager and you're going to see things like CPU and memory just spiking. And so if that's happening on like a 7B model or an 8B model, you're just going to want to come down a couple billion parameters. Okay, now comes time for the super scary part. We are going to go into the terminal. So, if you're on a Mac, just go ahead and search for terminal. You'll have something pop up. If you are on Windows, you can go ahead in the search button and search for PowerShell. You're going to click on that. All right. And so, what you're going to do is you are going to type in this. You're going to just type in this is also assuming you already downloaded and installed O Lama. You're going to do O Lama space pull. We'll do space and then pull essentially just mean download. And we're going to go ahead and go back to this page and figure out, well, which one do we want to download? Well, let's do the R1 1.5B, their smallest model. So, just copy that. Go back into PowerShell. Put that in there. So, Lama pole. We'll kind of get this a little bigger so you can see it better. So, it's going to be Lama Pole Deepseek R1 1.5B. Hit enter. And now it's just downloading it onto your computer. And again, if you've never used a terminal before, alls we're doing is we're giving it a command that says download just as if I was on a web page and hit the download button. Same thing's happening. Okay, so it finished downloading and so now I want to run it. So you're just going to do Lama. So you're saying, "Hey Olama, this is the program I want to work." We're going to do run and then we're just going to have it run the one we just um downloaded. So run DeepSseek 1.5. And there we go. Now it says send a message. So right now deepseeek is essentially running. So if I just say hey how's it going? We'll be able to see it instantly respond. Tell me something about N&M local hosting. I wouldn't no you know also it's a thinking model. We can see it and you can see how fast it's going right. So we know a 1.5 billion model billion parameter model is we have tons of power very very quick snappy and if it was too big it'd be kind of slow. If I try to switch programs or even tabs it'd be struggling right. Um, so that's how you know it's right. So now once you're done talking to them, you can either do slashby or you can do just control D and that will shut it off and you'll see like a series of dashes and now we're just back to normal. We turned off our AI. So that was actually super easy, right? You now have a local AI model on your computer. And again, if you're wondering, hey, what what are the differences between all these? How can I actually check to see like which one is the best for me? A great place to go is hugging face, right? And they have something called the open large language model leaderboard. They have a ton of stuff. Hugging face is a great place for local model information. If you go inside here, you can kind of see what are the best local models out there. Now, the best ones are going to be huge with tons of parameters, right? In this case, the top one is 78 billion, but you can go ahead and filter it by parameters, what you're trying to do, all the sort of stuff. all this sort of stuff to find what local model makes sense for you. Okay, now time for the CloudFlare piece. So, you're going to go to cloudflare.com. You're going to create an account. It's free. And we're going to go onto the main dashboard. Okay. Once you're inside the Cloudflare dashboard, you're going to go over to the left and you're going to see domain registration. And you're going to go to register domains. And this is where you search for your domain name. Right? I'm just going to put Chase AI. You put whatever you want. Ultimately, it doesn't really matter what the domain name is. We just need one and we want one that's cheap. So, shop around until you find one, right? Some of them are expensive, but you should be able to find someone with some weird, you know, in my case, I found a.uk. I found it for like six bucks. So, find a domain if you don't already have one. Pay for it and then come back to your dashboard. Okay. Okay, once you've purchased your domain through CloudFlare, if you come to the dashboard, it should automatically populate an account home. But if you don't see that, if you come to the left to manage domains, you should see it here, right, with your domain name, status, when it expires, all that good stuff. Next, we need to set up the tunnel. So, we're going to go to the left here where it says zero trust. You're going to click on that. We're going to go to networks, tunnels, and we're going to add a tunnel. We need to first download Cloudflare. So go to select Cloudflare. Here we're going to name our tunnel. So I'm just going to call mine Naden local test. Go to save tunnel. And then now we need to download something. So just choose your environment that you're using. So Windows for me 64-bit. And we're going to go ahead and download this connector. So you're going to download this and run it. And so you might see something like this that pops up. Go ahead, ignore it anyway. Cloudflare is fine and just hit run anyway and it will install. So once you've downloaded that, we're going to follow the commands. So I'll show you what to do in Windows. And when it comes to Mac, again, just follow the commands here. So you're going to open up your terminal. You're going to copy this line of code. You're going to paste it in. And then once you do that, you'll just do the same thing. and you'll copy this, paste it into your terminal, and it will automatically run for Windows. Copy this. You're then going to search for PowerShell. Go ahead and you can go ahead and close your old one. You're going to search for PowerShell. We're going to rightclick on it. And you're going to do run as administrator. Paste in the Cloud Player thing that we just got. And once you run that command, you should see a few lines talking about how it's installing the service and that it's been successfully installed. Once you do that, you can exit out of the PowerShell. And you should see down here in the bottom where it says connectors status connected. If you see this, you've done it correctly and go ahead and hit next. So now we add our public host name. So subdomain, you can have it be anything. So I'm just going to going to call it n local. The domain, this is where you should see the domain that you just bought, right? In this case, I have chase local.uk. It should be whatever it is you got. Now for service for type it's going to be http and then URL is going to be localhost colon 5678. Now additional application settings you can leave those alone and you're going to do complete setup. Okay you've now completed your tunnel. Now there's one more thing we need to do before we get out of cloud player and that's setting up our DNS. Now, to do that, I want you to go to tunnel ID and you're going to copy this guy. And then you're going to go to your dashboard. You're going to see your domain name here. You're going to click on that. We're going to go to DNS on the lefth hand side. And now we're going to add our CNAME record. So, click add record. Type CNAME name and it local. I suggest you just do it the same as your subdomain you created earlier. And then for the target, we're going to paste in that tunnel ID. You're going to do period and then you're going to do cargo tunnel.com. So again, target, paste in your tunnel ID, do period, the letter C, farotunnel.com. Again, this will be in the school. It'll be down below. Then you're going to go ahead and save it. And we're all set. Okay, so we completed the O Lama part, we completed the Cloudflare part. Now we get to actually do the Naden and Docker part. So for this, you're going to go ahead and go to docker.com and you're going to download Docker Desktop and just do it for whatever platform you're on. So Docker Desktop just gives us an easy to use graphical interface to kind of see what's going on with our containers, right? The containers that things like Naden will be running in. But for this next part, I just want you to go ahead, minimize everything, and go to your desktop. So once you're on your desktop, we're going to create a local NAN folder. So just go to new, go to folder, and we're just going to call this local N. This could be anywhere. It doesn't have to be on your desktop. Put it wherever you choose. Just for this demo, we're going to start with it here. You're going to click inside this folder. Bring it over here. And what I want you to do is I want you to create a new text file. Literally just like notepad document. Okay. You're going to click into here and you know it's just going to be a blank document. And this is where where we're going to put our Docker compos file. This is where we're going to create the set of instructions that Docker will will use to download Nadn and spin it up with all the correct settings. So you're going to go ahead and put this in here. Remember this is in the school and it'll be down below as well. And let's kind of talk about what's happening here. We're telling it, hey, this is what I want you to download and and run. It's going to be NAN and it's going to be the latest version. And then it tells it what ports it's using, when it needs to restart. And then we have some environmental details, right? So you'll see right here below, edit this line with your actual published public URL. So what's the web hook URL? Well, this is the one we just created inside of CloudFlit. Now, if you've already forgotten what your web hook URL is, go ahead, go back to Cloudflare and you're going to go to your tunnels section, right? So, networks, go to dashboard, zero trust, networks, tunnels, click on your tunnel, go to edit, go to public host names, and here you go. So, just in case you forgot, so mine is nadenloc.chase.uk. So I'm going to do nitn local oops nitn local chase local.uk. Now I want you to go to save as and we're going to call this document docker-compose. And you need that exact spelling docker-mpose. We're going to save as type all files and you're going to do yiml. So underscore so docker-compose all lowercasey yaml yiml. We're going to save it. We're going to close this out. Now once you close it out, bring up your folder. So I want you to be inside your local NM folder. What you're going to do is you're going to click on the browser tab. So this little search button up top, right? I want you to delete it. And then you're just going to type in PowerShell. You're going to open that up. And now you're inside the PowerShell, but you've now navigated to your folder. Now, if you're on Mac, you can also open up your terminal and actually drag that folder, that local Nad folder you just created into the terminal and it should open it there as well. Um, if that's not working, go to chat GPT, go to Gemini, and just say, "Hey, I'm trying to navigate to my local folder. What's the command?" It's going to be something very simple like cd. and then it's going to be the name. Um, but those are the two easiest ways you can do it if you don't know terminal commands. Just go inside here, type in PowerShell or drag and drop it if you're on Mac. Now that we're inside the terminal and we're inside of our local folder, you're going to do this. You're going to type in docker compose up-d. What this is going to do is it's going to spin it up and we're going to get n running inside a container on our machine. So we can see it running and you can see nm polling which just means hey we're just downloading everything from nadn and then if you look at docker desktop you'll be able to see the container as it begins to spin up. Okay so we can see it finished downloading and installing nadn and we can see it right here inside our docker desktop that the container is running. So let's actually go inside of nadn. So just go back to your browser open up a new tab and you're going to go to the local host. So, it's going to be localhost and you're just going to put in localhost col 5678 and that will take you to nadn. Now, you can see it right here. It's just going to be localhost col5678 and I'll have that down below as well. Now, all you have to do at this point, just fill out some stuff, you know, just like you're registering for NN for the first time. And there you have it. You now have NAN working on your local machine for free. But hey, why did we set up the whole public URL? We're just going to do local host. Well, let's go ahead and let's go visit the same spot using that public URL. So, I'm going to go ahead and do nitn local. And this is the one we created in Cloud Play. Remember, chase local.uk local.uk. So, here's my sign-in page. So I know it's working and I'm able to access my NADN server either from that localhost URL or from the public basic one. Now when it comes to working on your workflows and all that, you're just going to want to go ahead and for the most part access it through the local host URL. So you can remove that one layer that you have between your NN instance on your computer and yourself, right? It's just going to be faster instead of trying to access everything through the public facing one. So we're now inside our locally hosted NN. So, let's go ahead and try it out. So, I'm just going to search for AI agent. We got this in here and we have the chat model. Now, remember O Lama, we did all that work with it before. Let's connect it. So, hit the plus button. And on the right hand side, you're going to see the O Lama chat model. So, for my credentials, I'm going to create a new credential. So you're going to see this for the base URL, but we're actually going to replace that and it's going to be http host.doccker.in internernal col11434. Save that and your connection it will be successful. Now you can see the model that we downloaded earlier. Remember Deepseek R1 1.5B. It's all set up. And if I were to continue to download different models like I showed you earlier, they would all be populated here for me to choose from. And again, it's now free to use them. And you just treat it just like you would a normal AI agent inside of any other cloud, right? I can go ahead and talk to it and say, "Hi, how's it going?" And we can see it hit the model and we can actually see it reply to us and we can see the thinking, all that stuff. Now, real quickly, let's go through a quick web hook test because remember, there's a lot of guides out there that show you how to locally host, but they don't go through the whole proper Cloudflare tunneling. And if you don't do the proper tunneling like I showed you earlier, you're not going to be able to do web hooks. You're not going to be able to do external triggers. You're going to be able to send information out to the web, right? Starting from you. So, I can still connect to OpenAI and talk to it and it talks back to me, right? Cuz I initiated that. But when it comes from something from outside and coming and finding our address, it just doesn't know how to do it unless you've tunnel properly. And so to confirm we've done that, we're just going to do a very simple web hook test where we set up two web hooks and we just have them talk to one another. And so you're just going to do web hook. Um we're going to go ahead and respond using respond to web hook node. And then just connect that to another web hook node. Have it respond to web hook. And we're going to do we want it to respond with text. And if it's a success, we're just going to have it say success. So how is this going to work? It's going to if the web hook properly works and we're able to access it and it talks to our NAM locally, it will then send a signal to this guy and we'll see a response that says success when we click on it. So I want you to save this, set it to active. Got it? Go inside your web hook, go to production URL, copy that, open up a new tab, and just enter it in there. Once you're there, you can refresh it, too. But you should see a success thing there. And if we go inside of here and I go to executions, we'll see the web hook worked. Awesome. And as we finish this video, I just wanted to do a quick plug for my school community, which I think is a great place to check out if you're trying to level up your AI game. We have tons of tutorials that teach you, the non-technical user, how to get into AI, how to build AI agents, and how to sell them. We also have a thriving community of over 700 members that includes people across the AI spectrum. People who are new, people who are experienced, people who have started their own AI agencies. So, it's a great place to check out if you're looking for a like-minded group of people who are in your shoes. So, go ahead and check us out. The link is down below. Would love to see you there. And so with that, you now have a NN local setup with local AI ready to go as well as a Cloudflare tunnel. So you can use web hooks and you can use external triggers. And so we can go ahead and cross this off the list. And I hope you don't have too much trouble following along. And if you're not technical, you've never used the terminal before, I hope you had fun using that for the first time. And as always, let me know how this worked for you if you have any questions. And good lot.

=== I Built a Viral AI Video Factory (n8n + Kie.AI + Blotato) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWEJ0laJKCw

So, we've all been seeing these ASMR glass fruit videos, these AI Yeti and Bigfoot videos, and frankly any topic you could think of in some sort of AI form since VO3 came out. And a lot of these videos are getting thousands and thousands, in some cases millions of views. So, the question becomes, how can we recreate this without breaking the bank? Because when we look at the pricing of Google's models, especially when you look at Google AI Ultra, which gives you access to the best VO3 models, we're looking at $125 to $250 a month. And if we try to peacemeal that using third party sources like Foul AI, we're looking at $6 for an 8-second video, which is really hard to stomach. But two things happened recently that changed the entire ecosystem. One, V3 Fast came out, which is a much cheaper model that still gives really high quality videos. And the second thing is Kai API, which you're looking at right here. They now offer a V3 fast API which allows us to make V3 level videos at just 40 cents per 8-second video which frankly is a steal. And so by combining those things, a cheaper VO3 model with an API that's actually available to us, we can now create automations like this that automatically generate at scale at a reasonable cost VO3 videos that then get posted to as many social media sites as we want. And that process of creating the videos, posting the videos, and having it be completely automated is what we're going to go through today. And so what you're going to look at here is one of the videos we created using that automation. And remember, this is V3 fast, which is 20% of the cost of V3 high. But as you can see, the quality still remains. And so the way this video is going to work is I'm going to do a highle overview of this automation from the NADN side and kind of explaining how data is moving from left to right, what's happening under the hood here. And then we're actually going to go in module by module and I'll show you how to set it up yourself, what websites you need to go to, what APIs you need to get, what the cost is at every step of this. That way you really understand what it is you're building and how it works. As always, the template is in the school. So go ahead, download it, upload the template. that way you can follow me module by module as we build this thing out. So let's get started. So first of all, what's happening at the beginning? Now we have a when clicking execute workflow is our trigger. But in reality, what we're going to want is we want a schedule trigger, right? We want something that is going to execute every single day and post this because ideally we're going to give it a set of prompts, maybe a 100 days worth of prompts, and every single day it's going to create a new video in our niche and then post it. We don't even have to think about it after the initial setup. So go ahead, create a scheduling trigger. You're just going to put it in here and set it up to whatever you want. Every day, every other day, up to you. Next, we're going to have some Google Sheets data. And the Google sheet is going to kind of look like this. Essentially, it's going to just be a giant list of like ideas. In this case, we're doing fruit, right? But it's going to show like the idea, the ID, sorry, the ID, the ideas, whether it's been posted or not, the URL, title, and caption. Again, the template for this is in the school as well. So, we get all the information we need from the Google Sheets, namely what we want our video to be about. This thing goes into a prompt generator, which takes our idea and creates the ideal texttovide prompt. From there, we then send it to Kai AI. Remember, that's the website I was telling you about that allows us to actually generate these videos at a relatively cheap cost. From there, we check to see, hey, did it finish generating it? If it did, we then go ahead and we update our Google Sheets with the URL, the caption, all that good stuff. And then lastly, we actually post it to all our different social media channels. And then lastly, once it's posted, we're finally going to update the Google sheet that says, "Hey, video's been posted." That way, as the automation continues, it'll go ahead and update the Google sheet. We never have the same video twice. So, that's a highle overview. We just have a list of ideas, generates prompts, sends off the request, we get the video automatically posted, and we continue updating that Google sheet. So, we always know which video has been posted and which are next in Q. Now, let's actually jump in module module and I'll show you what you need to change and update. So, we already talked about the scheduling trigger, but let's talk about Google Sheets. So, the big thing here is even if you're using a template from the school with the Google Sheets and you copy that over to your own um Google Drive, make sure you connect it properly. So, call it whatever you want. Mine's called VO3 content ideas from the list. And then we're going to add a filter and we're asking, hey, I only want you to grab rows that are a no for whether it's been posted or not. Right? I don't want you to grab ones that have already been posted. And then lastly, we're adding an option which is return only the first matching row because we only wanted to do one video at a time. Right? And when it pulls that information, it's going to pull all the information from the sheets, including like the idea, whether it's been posted or not, and the row number. Now, let's talk about this. How do I fill this out? What if I don't want, right? I don't care about fruit. I don't want stupid ASMR videos. Well, let me show you how you can fill this out with whatever you want. So to do that, we're going to hop into chat GPT and you're going to give it some sort of request like this where in this case we're asking for a 100 fruit names for ASMR fruit glass cutting. But this is where you say give me a 100 ideas for insert your niche, right? And you're saying you want it in a table that you can copy into Google Sheets. First column should be your ID, right? So one through 100 or however many videos you think you'll do. And the second is the different ideas. And so once you do that, it should come back with a simple table that you can then copy and paste over into Google Sheets. All right. So that table should look something like this. In this case, it has an ID and fruit as the top. And you would just copy all of this. Come back into here and you just replace all the ID and the fruits, right? So take note though when you paste that in of like the actual header names cuz maybe it'll give you something that isn't ID or something that isn't ideas. That's fine. Just understand you're going to have to match what'sever in the Google sheet to what's inside of NAN. Right? So, as we go along further and you'll see as we map these things, you can see how this is ideas. Well, if your Google sheet says Bigfoot scenes, right, just make sure those things match up. So, that's how you get your list of ideas and how they actually go inside your Google sheet. Next, right, we have our Google sheet. We have all our ideas. Next, we go to the prompt generator. And we want this thing to not just generate a prompt. We want three things from this guy. We want the prompt. That's most important, but we also want a title. And we also want a caption because depending on the social media platforms we post on, we may need a title. We may need a caption. We may need both. And so that's what's going on here inside of the system message. The prompt again, we're just dragging in that ideas, that scenes, whatever your niche is. And then for the system prompt, we say, "Hey, you're given a user's idea for a short form video." And you'll notice in here there's some verbiage about the particular niche. In this case, that niche is the glass fruit cutting. Again, changes you need to. And then I have examples of text to video prompt guidance. I also mention up here, hey, I need to do the caption and title. Talk a little more about customization stuff. And then lastly, I given an example of the output because we want those three separate items I mentioned before. We also require specific output output format. That way, we always get the JSON we want. And again, if you click inside here, I have a clear example that I give to the AI that shows prompt, title, and caption. So, that's what we do there. As for the actual model itself, I'm just using 4.1 Mini. You don't need a powerful model for this one. Now, we're going to go into Kai AI, and this is where we're going to start sending our request. So, let's click into here, and this is just going to be an HTTP request. So, it's going to be post. We're going to this URL. I'll show you where you get all this information. And then we go ahead and connect connect our account. So, let's now go to kai.ai where we will set everything up. So, here we are inside of kai.ai. Link to that will be down below. And what you're going to look for is the V3 API. And here's where you can see some of the information about V3 fast, the quality, and kind of what the cost is for everything. For when you make an account with uh Kai AI, the first video is going to be free, but after that, you need to go into your settings and you need to add some money. Five bucks will be fine. Again, just remember how much it costs. And so to actually get our API key, we're going to go ahead to the top right and go to dashboard. And then on the top right as well, you're going to see API key. If you click that, you can copy this and that's where you're going to get your API key. So have that ready because we're actually going to be using it to connect our account. We go back into NAN. We're going to create a new credential. So for authentication, you're going to do generic credential type. Generic O type will be header. And then header off, you're going to create a new one. Call this one Kai demo. For the name, you're going to put authorization. Notice the spelling and the capitalization. Then for the value, we're going to do bearer. So, it's going to look like this. Bearer space. And then you're going to do your API key. Right? This is what goes down here, right? Except it's your actual API key. So again, if that's confusing, we're going to copy this. I'll delete my API key after. But this this is what is going to go in value. So essentially copy that in. Notice the space. Notice the capital B. So bear space API key is the value and then the name is authorization. You do that. You save it and it will successfully connect. From there just load it up and you now have your Kai.ai credential set inside of Naden. So whenever you need to use it, this is how you do it. Just set the authentication, the O type, and the header. Next, sending the body. Now, this one's pretty easy. And you'll see here there's just two things. We just want to send the prompt, and we want to send the model. So, the prompt is going to be coming from the previous module, right? Remember that prompt generator? We just take the prompt, drag it, and drop it. Model is going to be V3_Fast. If you do the full V3 model, you're getting the whole the whole thing, and that's going to cost you a lot more. So, make sure you do that underscore fast. Now, if you're like, "Hey, is there more settings I could play around with here?" Yes, definitely. If you go to Kai AI and you come back here on this page, we're on the dashboard. If you go to the left, you go to document, you'll see all the documentation over here. If you go to the V3 API, you can kind of play around here. You can click on the different stuff like generate V3 video, and you can see all the different things you can pass. And that goes for the details and all the other things. So, if you're interested and you're a little more technical, just check the documentation. But this is what it should look like. Frankly, pretty simple. You're then going to execute the step and you're going to get an output that looks like this. It's going to give you a code, a message, and then a task ID. Now, we need that task ID to actually get the video once it's been fully generated. And that's what we do in the next module. So, after we generate the video, we're going to be checking its status. And you'll notice we have a little loop here, right? So essentially, we're going to be pinging this check status every like 20 seconds just to see if it's ready or not. If it is, it continues down the automation. If it doesn't, it waits a little bit and it checks it again. So what that looks like is we're using a get method. URL is similar, but we're looking at v1/vo/recordinfo. Again, connect your credentials. So generic header kai.ai. This time we're sending a query parameter. So we're sending a get request like hey is this ready? And the thing we're using to figure out if our stuff is ready is a task ID. So it's going to be task then uppercase I then D and then this value which is the task ID that we got from the previous module. Again just drag and drop it and you'll be all set. Nothing else you need to set up here. And the output will look something like this that we see on the right. Here's what we're kind of looking at. We have that 200 code. So message was a success. It shows us what the actual prompt was. And then what we care about is this results URL. So the results URL is the actual video that was generated. You can go ahead and follow that URL and actually show it. And then we have a success flag. One means the video was created. Zero means it's still generating. And if you get a three or a four, it means it was a failure. Again, the documentation goes into details about these. All you need to care about is is it a success or is it a failure? And that's what this is checking right here. So we've now created our video. Now what? Well, now we need to a update our Google sheet. We need to then download the video and then post it. So that's what we're doing here in the update sheets with URL. So what are we updating? Well, we'll see we have it connected to the same Google sheet as before and we're matching on ID, right? That just means that inside the Google sheet, let me put this back in here. In that Google sheet, it knows which row to update based on the ID. So, this was ID one. That way, it will check ID1 for row one. We're updating the URL, right? The one we just generated. And then we're also throwing the title and caption up there. We care about the title and caption going back into the Google Sheets because that's what we're going to reference when it comes time to actually post it on different socials. And these are all coming from different parts of the system, right? So if you're wondering, hey, how did you actually map that? Where did that come from? Well, for example, for the prompt generator, you just need to scroll down on the left, you know, open up this prompt generator one, and that's what I'm dragging into here, right? That's how that mapping is occurring. Now, you'll see here this splits off into two different sections. Why is that? Well, some people don't want to pay for a automatic social media poster. They might want to do it on their own. That's what happens up here, right? So this request just downloads the uh video. So it goes to that URL that's been created, gets the video and then it drops it into your Google Drive. Here it just um names the video based on the date. So 628 AI video and then it's just going to be sitting inside of your Google Drive ready to do with it whatever you wish. Now I added a second option here on the bottom that is a automatic social media poster and it will send it to as many platforms as you want. Now this uses Blot. I'm not going to go completely in depth of how to set up Blot, but I will link you to a video where I do all of that. So go ahead watch that video. You can get an understanding of how Blot works if you've never used it before. Great tool and frankly we could have this go to nine social media platforms all at once if we wanted to. Here I just set up the big three that tend to be the most common with people. Tik Tok, Instagram, and YouTube. And I'll go through the YouTube one so you can understand where the mapping is happening. And again, link to that potato video that shows you how to do all the social media posting will be below. And as a quick aside for those of you who use upload post, um I put some modules right here that you could use as well. So we decided to use Blot. What happens first? Well, first we send that video to Blato. Pretty easy. We click inside here, right? We have all the potato URL stuff. Again, super clear. If you watched the last video about potato, alls we're mapping is that URL, right? That URL that we got from sheets comes inside here. Then we post it. So for YouTube, for example, what are we sending here? And I'm using the YouTube example because it's using everything, right? We have that title again coming from Google Sheets, right? Title. We have the caption getting dragged and dropped there. And then the URL. Note the URL or all the social media posting needs to come from that ready video in Blueot URL, right? Because the way Blot works is you send them a video, it sits on their server and from their server they send it to the social media platforms, right? You can't give it the URL that's generated originally that's sitting inside of Google Sheets. You need the blue one. And from there, it's going to get posted. And lastly, we Let's go ahead and rename this one so it looks a little nicer. Little update. Lastly, this just goes into Google Sheets and updates it and says, "Hey, thumbs up. It was posted." And if we come inside here, you'll see, "Hey, pineapple. Was it posted?" Yes. And then we can see here on YouTube the video that was posted. And it's got the title and it also has the caption that was created. Sweet. So, as we near the end of this video, I just wanted to give a quick plug to my school community and I think it's a great place to check out if you're trying to get more out of AI. We have tons of videos across a number of topics, rag, marketing, business, and the best part about it is is you're not expected to know anything going in. It's all assumed that you're a beginner with no technical experience. We have multiple weekly live calls where you can ask me questions. I help you out with any trouble you had along the way. And we have a thriving community of people who are building as well. So come check it out. I'd love to have you there. Okay. Well, that's the workflow in a nutshell. And the final tally of the costs when it comes to the video generation, remember 40 cents a video gets you 8 seconds. Flot is the other big cost, right? The social media poster, it's about 30 bucks a month. But again, remember you could be hitting nine social media channels every single day for every single video. And if that's you, probably worth it. And besides that, there's no real cost to worry about the API cost to OpenAI right right over here, fractions of a penny. So overall, I think this is a great automation because it really lets you play in that high quality AI generated video space that's exploding for a price point that isn't going to break the bank. So let me know how this works for you. Again, like I'd love to see how you're able to customize this because you don't have to just do glass fruit videos for these sorts of stuff. Um, but again, let me see what sort of videos you guys come up with and good luck.

=== Post to 9 Social Media Platforms at Once with n8n & Blotato ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZsxhY5vqtM

Hey everyone. In today's video, we are going to be solving one of the most annoying parts of posting content, and that's actually posting it to different social media platforms. In this lesson, I'm going to show you how to create an automation that takes your content and posts it to nine different social media platforms all at once, every single time, automatically. So, how are we going to do this? Well, it's going to be one part naden, and the other part is going to be Blotato. Now, Blot is a third party application created by Sabrina Romangh. You've probably seen her work before. She's a huge AI creator on like Tik Tok and Instagram. But what potato allows us to do is we connect our social media accounts to potato and then we use potato's API to actually then post all this stuff across the different platforms. And the big cell on potato is its ease to actually set up all these accounts. So go ahead, start a free trial or go ahead even pay the 29 bucks a month. And once you're inside here, if you come down to the bottom left, you're going to see settings. So, we're going to click that. And then this is where you set up your accounts. It's as easy as just clicking on these buttons and doing like a social media login, right? I logged into my Twitter, my Tik Tok, my Instagram, whichever accounts you want to start posting to. Connect them here and then you'll see them populated on the bottom under connected accounts. Now, what we care about at this point is going to be our account IDs and then our API access. So, we have the actual Blot API key here as well. Now, just take note of where all this stuff is because we're going to be coming back to it. We're going to be taking that information and putting it into our NAND automation, which is actually going to do the work for us. So, here we are back inside NAND. And what are we actually going to do in this lesson? Well, I'm going to show you how to set up these individual modules so that they're ready to actually post to places. And the great thing about this lesson is that whatever I create here, it's essentially like my social media posting toolbox. Right now that I have Instagram, Tik Tok, and YouTube set up, I can go ahead and copy these and then paste them into wherever workflow I'm working on that requires me to post places. Right? And I can do that for any workflow I create. Super module, easy to use. And you can see right here, right? I just copy these three and then I go inside this workflow and you can see that these are all those same potato modules. And this is an entirely different workflow that creates videos, but it allows me to automatically post to three different social media sites all at once super easily. And again, I could do that to another workflow and another workflow like very very modular. So this automation actually does a whole lot of work for us, not just now, but down the line. Now, as always, this template is in the school. So go ahead and download it and then upload it cuz that's going to be the easiest way to do this. That way, once you have this template on your canvas, you can just click inside these modules and all this stuff will be set up for you because there's only a few things we're going to have to do, right? We are going to need to update our text. We're going to need to update our URLs and then the account ids and that's going to go for all of them. And then we're going to also connect our potato account. And for this automation, we're going to need some sort of example to work with. So, I also in the school have a link to a Google Sheets template that has an example of, you know, the title, the caption, and actual video URL that you can use to make sure everything's mapped correctly and working. And this is what that Google sheet is going to look like, right? Um, this is part of actually another workflow. So, it's actually a real use case. But you'll see here it has a URL of a video that was created and then it has a title and a caption. And that's the sort of information you're going to need to use these APIs, right? You need the content. Sometimes it will be just a still image. In other cases will be a video. And then you usually need some sort of title or captions. Some stuff like YouTube requires both. Lots of them like Tik Tok and Instagram. You just need some sort of caption, right? And so the way this is going to work is you're going to get the contents from the Google sheet. And you see that right here. We've connected it to the Google sheet and it outputs certain data. And I'll kind of move this over so it's easier to see. you know, we have the URL, the title, and the caption. And the URL is, we'll take a look at it right now. It's just a video of like one of those, you know, ASMR pineapple being cut kind of deals, right? So, this is what we're going to be posting. Neat. So, that's what we got. So, the first part of this automation is you're just grabbing that from a Google sheet. And that's the output right here. You can have that be whatever you want. You don't have to use the Google template. just have some sort of data that you can pull in so we can map it. Next stop, this is where we start going into the potato stuff, right? Ready video in potato. Now, what does this mean? So, the way potato works is we have our content, right? Video, copy, anything. We send it to first. So, it's kind of sitting on their servers ready to go and then then we call the different social media sites we want to send it to. send content to potato, tell which social media to post it, and it goes and does the work for us. So, coming back into this module, first thing we need to do is we need to set up our potato account. First of all, we're doing post. The URL is going to be backend.blot.com/v2/media. Again, if you downloaded the template, that will already be there. But we need to set up our account. And to do that, we're going to go to authentication. You're going to do generic credential type. Generic o type. You're going to come down. We're going to do header off. And then you need to create a new one of these. So I already have mine set up, but I'll show you how you do it. You do create new credential. You can call this whatever. I'll call mine blot demo. And the reason we're doing this is for the follow on uh modules. We already have the credential set up, right? We don't have to go in every single time and say, "Hey, here's X API key with my API key and here's header authorization, right?" No, we just do it once and then we can copy it over. For the name, you're going to do Blotato- API- key. And then for the value, you're going to come back into Blot and you're just going to copy this API key. You'll come into here, paste it in there. You'll hit save and you'll be ready to go. So once you've done that, go ahead and select the authorization we just created. And now Blot's pretty much connected. Next, what are we going to send? Whoops. Next, we don't send query parameters or headers. We need to send a body, right? And the body is the video we're going to send or whatever it happens to be. So in this case, we're sending a video. So it's going to be JSON using the fields below. You're just going to do URL. And then we're mapping in that URL, right? So I just take this and I dump it into here. And that URL corresponds with this, right? The pineapple video we made. From there, we execute the step. And then you see over here it gives us a new URL which is essentially the link to like where it's residing inside of the potato database where it's ready to go, ready to be posted. And actually once you do that, go ahead and pin that data, right? That's always a good thing to do when you're testing these sort of things so you don't have to run it over and over. And now we can get into actually setting up each account. And so let's start with Instagram. And I'm not going to do all nine of them. We'll do the first few. I will take a moment to show you some of the weird intricacies of Pinterest, but the method is essentially the same for all of them. Now, before we actually set it up, make sure you connect it. That way, you can see the map data. So, we're going to connect this one to Instagram. Click inside here, post. This is what the URL should look like. Remember authentication that we set up, generic, header, and blot. If you don't see Blotato when you do this dropown menu, just save your workflow and refresh it. And then we need to send the body. Now again, if you use the template, this should already be ready to go. But if we open this up, let's take a look at what it's asking us. So target type, Instagram. Yep. Next. Content is text. Now remember, it's Instagram, so there's no title. So you would be looking at this one, the get contents from Google Sheets, and you would take the caption, and you would just drag and drop it right in there. Right? We talk about platform again. Then media URLs, right? This is the big one. This is where you're pulling in from the previous module, right? The get video ready video in Blot, right? So, we're we're going inside's database. We're saying, "Hey, use this URL here." So, that goes there. Now, lastly, this is the important part. This is your account ID. Remember, we mentioned this when you're inside after you connected your accounts. Well, go ahead and go back to potato. Go to your connected accounts. And now, you're going to look for Instagram. Copy account ID, paste that in there, and you're all set, right? That easy. Next thing you're going to do is you're going to execute the step. And now it's actually going to go ahead and post it. If you go inside Blueot on the left hand side, they have stuff like your API dashboard. So you can see recent API traffic. You can also look at failed posts, published posts, calendars, all sorts of stuff. So you should see a post submission ID. And now I want what I want you to do is go inside Instagram and see if it actually posted. And so here's mine inside of Instagram. And look like we got the full post. Great. So now what I want you to do is to repeat that process for all the modules you care about, right? You might not care about blue sky or threads or Twitter, but they're all pretty much the same, right? For example, if we take a look at YouTube, remember, make sure to connect um this get ready and potato to the module you're using so you can map the data. But same stuff, headers, right? Body's pretty similar. Um, again, notice in YouTube now we have a title. Also, notice stuff like privacy status, should notify subscribers, right? There's for each platform there's different kinds of, you know, settings that may or may not be applicable to you. But the things you just need to care about is is this properly mapped and then the account ID. And again, we go in potato, we go to settings, find your account ID, copy it over, and you're all set. And so, the last one we'll talk about is Pinterest. Cuz Pinterest is kind of weird because if we go to Pinterest, right, you look at this one, you'll notice something. You'll notice that there's actually two IDs. We have a board ID and we have an account ID. And when I go into Blot, there's no board ID, right? I just have which one's Pinterest. Again, it shows you how much I use Pinterest, right? We only have this. We just have the copy account ID. There's no board ID. So, how do we find that? Let me show you. So, here I am inside of my Pinterest test board, right? And so, the board ID is kind of like hidden in the back end and there's literally only one way to find it and we're going to have to do some hacker stuff. Okay, you're going to have to go to inspect after you right click. So, right click here, go inspect. You can see all the scary stuff on the right hand side. Frightening, right? You're going to go to network. You're then going to refresh the Pinterest page and we're going to see this thing pop up right here, right? You're going to click that. Just click it once. You're going to go to response and again brightening. What is all this? Well, I'll show you what we care about. It's this the ID. So, if you come up to the top, you should see something that see says data and then a few things listed there. Node ID, name, URL, and then ID. We care about ID. This is your board ID. So, go ahead and copy that. You can get out of this. We're going to go back into where are you? This guy. And that's your board ID. Boom. Then account ID. Same thing as before. Plot. Copy account ID. Paste that in there. All set, all ready to go. Now, Pinterest will work for you properly. So, now once you've gone through each of these modules and you've set it up with the proper account ID and sometimes a board ID and confirm they're actually posting, you're pretty much done. And like I showed you before, now what you can do, this automation isn't meant to actually do the posting. What's meant to happen is you now take these modules depending on whatever workflow you're using, you copy them over and you start actually using them in real content generation workflows. Of note, make sure this get ready this get this ready video in potato is part of that, right? So I don't just copy over the Instagram one. I need to copy this one over as well because again we have to send that content to blot back and have it kind of sit there on the bench till we say, "Hey, go get in the game. Go to Instagram. Go to Tik Tok. go to YouTube or whatever like I demoed before and we'll move over to here you'll see that demonstrated here right we have the get we have the ready video and potato followed by YouTube Instagram and Tik Tok and if we click inside here remember in reality you're going to have to make sure that these things are properly mapped right what that looks like in a real life automation versus what it looks like here the the mapped IDs will be a little bit different obviously And so like when I look at this YouTube, you know, I had to come in here and say, hey, the title is coming from down here, this update sheets with URL. This text is coming from this place. These are the media URLs, etc. So that's how it works in a nutshell. Again, I think this is awesome because honestly, it is a giant pain to set up the individual modules inside of an end. Sometimes it's not even actually possible to do and there's a lot of thirdparty programs out there besides potato that do stuff that is similar but frankly it's not as userfriendly when it comes to the actual interface and setting up the account. So if mass social media posting is something like up your alley that you're really trying to do highly recommend and highly recommend getting your hands on this automation and putting it to work. So, as we near the end of this video, I just wanted to give a quick plug to my school community, and I think it's a great place to check out if you're trying to get more out of AI. We have tons of videos across a number of topics, rag, marketing, business, and the best part about it is is you're not expected to know anything going in. It's all assumed that you're a beginner with no technical experience. We have multiple weekly live calls where you can ask me questions. I help you out with any trouble you hit along the way, and we have a thriving community of people who are building as well. So come check it out. I'd love to have you there. So let me know how this works for you. And if you were interested in this automation, the one that actually created that glass pineapple video, I'll be posting this later today. Um so you can kind of get a real life example of putting these potato modules to use. So check out that one. See you around and good luck.

=== The Ultimate n8n LinkedIn Scraper + Cold Outreach Automation gets Upgraded (June 2025) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFxWRkWAFzs

If you're looking for a way to generate leads, enrich leads, and conduct cold outreach campaigns, then this is the NAND workflow for you. So, what this workflow does is it does LinkedIn scraping via Apollo on our leads. We do some research on their company via Tavi and then we generate customized cold outreach messaging by combining that information alongside our personal call to action. We then use Instantly AI to conduct a full-blown cold outreach campaign with all the information we've gathered here. Now, what you see here is all that data we collect and I have it sitting inside of Google Sheets, but you could put this in an Air Table as well. I changed some of the names and emails for their privacy, but you're getting their names, their personal email, their work email, their LinkedIn URL, their work URL. Then we're summarizing it all with AI. And then when it comes to their company, we're doing background, key offerings, any recent news, and we're even looking at stuff like customer sentiment, right? Like what are people saying about these companies on places like Reddit? Then lastly, we have that outreach messaging that I talked about before. And then like I alluded to before, the actual email campaign will be conducted inside of instantly.AI, right? It now has the emails, it has the names, and it has the custom messaging that we want. And this is the place that becomes your command center for actually executing these email campaigns. Now, if you watched my previous videos, you've seen this LinkedIn scraper and cold outreach machine. Now, while this was effective and it worked, there were some limitations, which is why I created this. And you see them right away, right? The first thing is the simplicity. This thing was kind of an unwieldy beast, right? And just looking at we had what 1 2 3 4 five code nodes, something like nine Google Sheets nodes. And while we were essentially doing the same thing, right, which is like get linked information and do company research, this one was also missing some sort of cold outreach mechanism to actually conduct a large scale campaign. It was kind of up to you to take all the information that eventually show up in the Google Sheets and do something like, you know, instantly AI on your own or something like resend or any of the number of cold outreach programs out there. And what this one does instead is it kind of consolidates all that, right? It's much leaner. We lean a lot more on Apollo versus using something like Google Search Engine to get our URLs. And then we also have the built-in instantly AI functionality which we see right down here at the bottom which is sending all that information to Instantly for us to then conduct the campaigns. So we're going to start big picture top to bottom so you get a good idea of how this works and then we'll actually go into it module by module so you understand what you need to edit. So it starts with a form submission. Now the form submission this is just us describing what sort of leads do we want. We do stuff like the titles, the location, how many people in the company, and it then goes to an Apollo URL generator. Now, we talked about LinkedIn scraping, we talked about Apollo, we talked about Appify. How do all these things actually connect? Because it can be kind of confusing. So, starting from the top, Apollo. Apollo is this program that you pay 60 bucks a month for or more if you want more stuff to get information about leads, right? The same thing that we're generating in our workflow is stuff that Apollo generates, right? names, LinkedIn URLs, emails, phone numbers, all that stuff can be found in Apollo. The thing with Apollo, like I mentioned before, it costs 60 bucks a month and I probably don't want to pay 60 month 60 bucks a month for Apollo. So, we instead use Appify to gain the information. Now, where does LinkedIn play in all this? Well, Apollo and Apify, they're getting their information from LinkedIn. They're scraping LinkedIn themselves. So, you have these guys that are scraping information from LinkedIn. It's on their platform and we want to access it. Well, I don't want to scrape LinkedIn myself because we're worried about terms of service on our own account. So, I need to go through a third party which is Apollo. I don't want to pay the full price for Apollo. I just need to essentially like have a little slice of that Apollo pie. And that's where Appify comes in. So, Appify is a marketplace for web scrapers. You pay a certain amount a month. In this case, $40. And that essentially gives you $40 of credit to use on these different scrapers. For example, you'll see up here on the top, Apollo scraper scrape up to 50,000 leads. You pay a $120 for every,000 leads that this actor, they call it ampify actors, gives you. So 40 bucks a month for Apify. A$120 of that 40 goes to this actor every 1,000 leads it generates. So all that to say is that there's a lot of layers you have to go through to get someone's LinkedIn information due to just how LinkedIn works. And this is the way we do it. And it's not just because $40 is less than 60. It's because Appify gives us some flexibility, right? What if I don't need to use all $40 on Apollo? Well, there's tons of other web scrapers on Appify. Things like Instagram scrapers, Tik Tok scrapers, etc. Right? I can kind of just pick and choose. It's sort of a buffet and allows me to be flexible at a lower price point. You might be saying at this point, that's great, Chase, but I still don't understand why there's an Apollo URL generator. What What do we care about the URL? Well, every time I change the filter here inside of Apollo, right? If I change the location, I add a location, change titles, the actual URL in your browser changes, right? So what we need to do is we need to generate an Apollo URL that corresponds to the leads you are trying to get and give that to Apify because when we look at our Apify scraper here what it does is it requires us to give it the URL that we want it to scrape. Right? So think of Apify as some guy who has an Apollo account and he's willing to give you the information that he gets from Apollo. He just has to know well what URL do you want me to search for? What information do you actually need? So the key piece becomes, hey, how do we generate this URL accurately every single time that corresponds to the leads we were trying to get? And so we can look at some of the different runs here, right? In this last one, it had 377 runs, which means we gave it a URL and it came back with 377 hits. And each hit was a person's name, LinkedIn, blah blah blah blah blah. All that information you saw in the Google sheet, that's what it came back with. Now, if all that was super confusing, all you need to know is for us to scrape someone's LinkedIn, we're going to use Appify. And what Appify needs from us is an Apollo URL. And this generates the URL we need. So, from there, we parse that data, right? This Appify data that you see here over here on the right, and I'll move myself over a little bit. It's kind of messy. There's a lot going on, but we only want certain information that we care about, right? And that information is emails, names, all that good stuff. And so we have this pars lead data that allows us to do that. This is going to take all the messy stuff on the left and give us some nice information on the right that also includes a summary of all the key points. And once that happens, it will come to an if node. Now why do we have an if node here? Well, even if we get in this case 377 items from the lead data, not all of it's going to be perfect. Sometimes it's going to error out, which is what this if node does, right? We have a JSON error. If it does not exist, it's just going to go to the false branch and we're going to ignore it. That way, it doesn't clutter up our Google Sheets stuff. From there, it gets added to the Google Sheets. In this case, I have a limit. So, this is running only 10 times because for the demo, I didn't find it necessary to do this 370 times. When you use this and download this in production, you can delete this limit. This limit does not have to exist. Feel free to get rid of it. Or if you don't want to have allund 350 items or 400 items or 500 items that you get from your scraping, just change it here. That could be 50 items, 100 items, however you want to limit it, do so here or get rid of it entirely. And once that happens, we've kind of completed the personal background, the LinkedIn scraping for our leads, right? We know about them and their personal stuff, but we want to know about them and their company, right? I'm not just selling to a person, especially if it's a founder. like you need some information about what they do, what they've done, and what people think about them. And that's what happens down here in the company research in outreach portion in the green. So, we get and this is a loop because we're hitting a couple different things before we want to move to the next item. And so, we're going to research their company because because we got their email, we got all that stuff. And we're using Tavi to do it. And some of the things we want to know about are company overview, right? What do they do? What are they about? I want to then do some like recent news like is there anything in the last basically 12 to 18 months that would be relevant? I want to know about their key offerings. I want to know about third party sentiment. And then I want kind of a comprehensive summary that combines all that in one or two sentences. And that's what this does. And we use Tavly for that. From there we then generate the outreach message, right? And this is where you make your money, right? Because we're taking all the personal data from LinkedIn. We're taking all that company data that we just researched and now we're going to combine it with what you have to sell. What's your call to action? What do you bring to the table? What do you want that actual message to look like? And we'll go into this in a little more detail later, but right, the system message is where you make your money. This is where you put how you want it to sound. And this is just going to be purely the body. The actual title, the header, and also the footer is something you set up inside of instantly. We then put all that into Google Sheets. And then lastly, we then send stuff to Instantly AI. Now again, what's Instantly AI? Well, it's a cold outreach platform that allows you to do email at scale, right? It does all the warm-up for you. You can add multiple accounts. It's like again your little command center for conducting these campaigns. And that wasn't really something we had before here, right? In this one, it was kind of like choose your own adventure or do it super small scale and just send it via Gmail. And that's not effective enough. And so then it just does that as many times as it needs to via the loop. And then at that point, you're kind of done. Once you've done that, you're then set to go into instantly and then conduct your campaign. In this case, like I said, we had 10 leads. And all I would have to do now is just hit the resume campaign button and it would fire those off. And you could take this even further, right? You could actually have it warm up the leads to start. Like instantly is actually pretty good uh platform. I'm not going to turn this into an instantly lesson. The documentation is pretty good. There's tons of stuff out there, but understand you're basically 10 minutes of setup and one button away from being able to run this every single time and just like shoot off a large amount of emails. And so now how you understand how it works from a very high level. We're now going to go into each module one by one. And I'm going to kind of show you what you need to edit, what you need to change, and what to watch out. So on the form submission, there isn't really anything you need to change right here that I think, like I said, it's kind of small, right? Just company size, keywords, location, and the title. But understand, you can put multiple keywords inside of this form when you submit it, which essentially add is like additional sections when it's actually looking for leads. Now, for the instantly campaign ID, we'll dive a little more into instantly, but just so you understand what it is, when I'm inside instantly and I come on the left and I go to campaigns and I click on the campaign up here up top in the URL, that's where you're going to find your campaign ID. So, this highlighted section right after campaign backslash, it's then going to give you a series of numbers and letters up until the next backslash. And that's your ID. You're just going to copy that and that's what you're going to put under campaign ID for the form submission. Now, if you think you'll never do different campaigns and they're always going to be the same thing, you could hardcode it later, but just understand that's where you find it. So, next, the Apollo URL generator. Um, so we're passing in the user prompt all that information you fill out, right? Title, size, keywords, all that. And then inside the system prompt, we're saying, hey, this is how the URL should look, right? We give kind of the template. And then we give an example of someone who's looking for VPs of engineering in New York for a certain company size and healthcare AI. And then we just have the example at the bottom. And for all these chat models, these are all just we're just using 4.1 mini, right? Uh sorry, we're using 4.1 for the URL generator. So I did the most powerful one. Honestly, it's probably overkill, but the URL has to be right every single time. If your URL is wrong, it's simply just not going to run. But the rest of these, this is 4.1 mini, 4.1 mini, 4.1 mini. Then we go to ampify. And so it's going to be post URL is going to be the run sync. Then I'll show you where you get that. And then you're just doing like accept application JSON. You're putting in your API key. Don't worry, I'll delete this afterwards. And then down here in the pay in the payload, write true true 500 URL. Now, where did I get this information? How do I do all this Apify stuff? I've never used Ampify before. Let me show you. All right. So, here I am inside of the Appify actor that we're using this Apollo scraper. Now, on the templates, I believe I actually have a link to it that you can see here. But if you simply go to Appify, it's going to open up with just a search menu, and you're just going to search for Apollo Scraper. You're it's going to be the first one that pops up. The Apollo Scraper scrape up to 50,000 leads. Okay, so once you're inside Apollo, when it comes to figuring out what the JSON payload is, right, what this is, it's just going to be this, right? You're just going to copy this, right? And you're going to paste it down here into the JSON body. Now, I will say when it comes to total records, which it may or may not show. It should default to 500, but 500 is the minimum that you have to put in there. And you can also delete stuff, right? If I don't want the personal emails, you could just like get rid of that. Or if I just want the work emails, you can do that as well. Just understand this is what should be in the JSON body. Get personal emails, get work emails, total records, and then we map the URL that was generated from the Apollo URL generator. Now, how did I know what the URL was supposed to be? Well, the way you find that, and this also goes for essentially all amplify actors. Just going to come up here to the right, top right, you're going to do API endpoints, and you'll see here a bunch of different stuff that you can put as the URL. Now you have run actor, run actor synchronously, and then run actor and get data set items. The one you want to use is run actor and get data set items because it means it's not just going to run on that one module. It's actually going to wait till it gets all the data to actually give you the thumbs up that it's ready. That way you don't have to like do any sort of web hook stuff or pause or do a timer. It just is going to when it's done, it'll tell you. But the one thing you need to note is that when you copy this, you're not going to put it all in there. You're only going to copy it up to the question mark. So you'll see here then says question mark token equals blah blah blah blah blah. Don't put it don't put that in there. It's essentially asking for your API key at that point. We put the API key down in the header. So you'll just take that, copy it, and then put it into here. So it should end with run sync get data set items and it's going to run and then it's going to push out as many items as it can find. Right? We asked for 500. It came back with 377. And like we saw before, kind of gross in terms of how much stuff it pushes us. and we don't care about most of it, which is why we have the parse lead data. Now, you'll see here up top on the prompt, what am I pushing? Well, I'm just pushing the stuff I care about, which in this case is names, titles, emails, organization stuff. Now, if you want to add more information, then you essentially would just edit this prompt. You'd say like new info, and let's say I wanted their photo URL. I would then drag that into there, and that's what it would parse out. But I just kind of left the things I felt was important. And then the system prompt is just saying, "Hey, take all this information and turn it into something that has separate items that I can use on the right." And we want it to be pushed into separate items because eventually we're going to be adding these to the Google sheet. And it's easier if one item is name, one item is first name, right? Etc., etc., which is why you have this structured output parser. So if you've never used one of these output parsers before, alls you're doing is you're specifying what you want the output to look like. And so once it does that, we do the if node like we said before. Is there any errors? If there is, get rid of them. If there's not, continue. We then add to a Google sheet. Um, in the school, I have a link to the Google sheet template. So, make sure you download that. And then make sure when you're using the template, you actually connect it properly, right? Um, so we're just mapping the stuff, right? Like I said before, in that uh output parser, we have it have a specific output just so we can do this, right? So I can very easily drag and drop stuff in the right place. And so we're pushing all that personal information that we care about and all the company info that we care about, right? Websites, URLs, titles, all that good stuff. It then gets sent here to our Google sheet where we have a one-stop shop to actually view all the data we're scraping. We then have the limit like I talked about before which goes to the loop which then goes to the company research. Now we're pushing three things to this module. The company the company website and the company LinkedIn and the system message. We're asking for I believe five things in return. Company overview company uh recent company news online key offerings third party sentiment and then a comprehensive summary of all that. So, the rest of this just breaks down how I want the module to use it as tools, specifically the Tavly tool, and like what sort of sources do I want it to focus on, what sort of secondary sources, how recent do I want it to be? Um, all that is explained here. Again, all this is on the template. And feel free to edit this cuz all you really need to put here is what you want it to search for, why, and what you want the output to look like. Just like we saw before, we have a structured output parser again which breaks out how I want the output to look like. So all five of those things make them separate items. We then have our Tavly tool. Uh Tavly tool is one of those new community nodes that's even on the cloud version. So if you haven't done it yet, you need to upgrade your um NAN. You need to enable the community nodes. Um I've done a video on that before. And then you just have to search for Tavi over here on the right. Right. You just search for Tableau and it will pop up and then you you are able to just download it. But inside of here, you just need to connect your Tableau account. So to do that is pretty easy. Um I'm pretty sure all you need is an API key. And if you haven't used Tavi before, pretty awesome tool. Think of it as Google for large language models. You simply log in. Um you can do it with whatever. And it's free at the beginning. So, every month you get a thousand credits, which is actually pretty good because each lead, each company we look at is going to cost us 10 credits, but you could bring that down even more. And so, just by signing up, you essentially get a 100 free company like researches you can do, right? You can research 100 companies for free per email based on that free plan. And then to get the API key, you just come in here and you just copy it. You then connect to your account. We're going to do research search query. The query is going to be defined by the model. Um, so it's just going to be smart about it. And then for the options, search depth, we're putting advanced, max results five, and we want the time range to be a year. Now, if you want to be able to squeeze some more companies, like like I said, we can do 100 companies for free. If you want to double that or do more, for search depth, you'll go to basic and then for max results, do like two or three, right? The search won't be as good. It won't be as deep, but it's going to be cheaper. And so with that, it gives us all the company research. And then we do our outreach message. And so what do we pass? We pass the name of our lead, their personal background summary, their company name, and their company background. And the system message is basically saying, "Hey, this is what I want the body of those emails to sound like." And this is where you really need to edit and customize it, right? So, I have it to be 100 to 150 words. Could be more, could be less. I have tons of references here to Chase AI's consulting services. You're not Chase AI. You may or may not be an AI consulting consultancy. In which case, you need to change all this, the company, the offering, and how you also want it to write. Um, this talks about hooks. This talks about how I want it to do what it needs to do. But like, change this, customize this. You have your own writing style. You have your own way that you think will actually turn into people opening your emails and responding to them. And this is where you put it. So, definitely put an example output, an email you've done before or multiple, right? The more the better. So, after that, we push it to Google Sheets. And then we go to instantly AI. Let's take a look at this note and what we're doing. So, it's an HTTP node. If you are on the community version, so you're self-hosting. There is an instantly AI custom node that you can use, right? So, it'll be a little easier for you to set up. I'm going to show you how you do it on the NAN cloud version because if you can do it on the cloud, it's super easy to translate to the self-host. In fact, it'll probably be way easier. But the HT http node works no matter what. So, the URL we're going to be doing is API instantly. /appi/b2s. You're going to put in your API key here. Again, I'm going to delete mine after this video. And then we have the body. So, here's what we're passing, right? Campaign, email, last name, first name, company name, and custom variables. So, campaign, it needs to know because all these leads are going to be under a campaign umbrella, right? So, you have to know the ID. And then we're just saying here's the names, here's what the company is, and here's the actual body. Actually, pretty pretty simple. Nothing crazy going on there. But let's now hop into instantly so you can kind of understand what's going on here. So instantly on the left side, there's a few things you're going to have to set up. The first thing you're going to need to set up is your actual email. You can add tons of different domains and when you add a new email, it walks you through how to do it. You can actually buy pre-warmed accounts every few weeks. Um, they show you how to do a Gmail, right? Microsoft. It actually takes you through step by step. It takes three minutes. They even have pretty good YouTube videos that show you how to set it up. But you need to set up the account. Next, you're going to come on the left and you're going to go to campaigns. And this is where you're going to set up your new campaign. So, you're just going to do add new. And we'll just call this demo 2. And you'll see we now have a few things in here. We have leads and we have sequences. These are the two we care about. So, the leads are going to be autopop populated via our workflow like right we saw before on the other demo. And it's going to have their names, their emails, all that good stuff. Sequences are again sequences are email sequences. So step one is when I run this campaign that's the first email that's going to get sent to them. I can add multiple steps right based on hey they respond they don't respond. How many days do I want it to wait? Again this isn't a deep dive on instantly but that's how it works. And so here's what an example email would look like. You'll see here a lot of variables. and variables are those things with the two squiggly brackets. So it says hi blank custom body. Now is it going to send custom body? No. What it's going to send is the custom body we put down here. Right? So it passed this custom body variable which is this entire write up we had to instantly. So now it knows, hey, when I'm sending this email to this lead, I'm going to use that customized email. And so if I preview it, you can actually see the full writeup. Now, how did I know that was the variable to use? Well, if I go here, right, you'll notice I don't have a name. If I come down to the bottom where it says variables and I click on it, I had then can see all the variables that are available to me. If I want to do first name, just click first name. And when I preview it, we now see hi Kelly. And so that's what it looks like from here in Naden where we pass the variables to here inside of instantly where you can actually use them to generate the custom outreach. And again, there's a ton you can do on here in terms of scheduling, in terms of setting up signatures and emails and making it look pretty. Again, I won't deep dive that here, but that's how the NADN to uh instantly connection works. And again, for instantly, in terms of cost, there is a two-eek free trial. You can send up to 30 emails with the free trial. You can do all the API stuff, but if you want to do this for like big time, it's going to cost you 37 bucks a month um for 5,000 emails, which is pretty on par for cold outreach programs out there. Okay, so before we wrap this all up, let's quickly talk about the APIs you need and the costs for this whole thing. We've talked about it a little bit, but let's go through it thoroughly. So we need four API keys for this. Appify, OpenAI, Instantly, and Tavi. Tavly gone through very easy to get. OpenAI. The documentation's pretty clear if you go through the NN docs if you've never done it before. As for Appify, um once you have an account, and you they have a free trial, but you can't use the API if you're on the free trial. So to do this, you will need the $39 a month version. You're just going to come to the bottom left and go to settings. go to APIs and integrations and you can find and create your API tokens here. For instantly, you're going to go to the bottom left, click on your profile, then do settings. You're going to go to um integrations, API keys, and here's your API key. Now, let's talk about cost. So, touched on it before, instantly $38 a month, but they do have that free trial. Tavaly free for the first 100 leads uh for the first 100 companies. And again, that's with the current search setup like I showed you before. We could double that pretty quickly just by changing some of the settings. And then after that, you're looking about 8 cents a lead. Um you can get it down even more depending how you do it. You also have the option of just every hundred leads switching emails, right? You could kind of abuse the free trial system if you wanted to. Appify 39 bucks. Apollo a$120 of that 39 and then for the actual GPT tokens um we're looking at per 100 leads under 10 cents though pretty cheap in that regard. Um and like it sounds like those things add up but truth be told to create essentially an entire cold outreach customized cold outreach email campaign from scratch. Not bad right? I don't think it's too bad. So um as always let me know what you think of it. Let me know if you run into any issues. I really like this workflow. I think it's really lean, but very, very efficient, right? Especially when we compare it to what we had before, which was a bit of behemoth, kind of unwieldy. I really like what we've gotten here. So, good luck and I'll see you guys

=== Build an AI Lead Generation Machine (n8n + Apify + Apollo) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PfNeLmaWJ4

If you're looking for a simple NN automation that can help you generate leads, then this video is for you. The way this automation works is simple. You just fill out a form describing the type of lead you're trying to find, and then it automatically scrapes Apollo, giving you the lead's email, LinkedIn information, and company information, and then records it all inside of Google Sheets. That Google Sheet database then looks something like this. You get their name, email, title, LinkedIn, company name, company website, company LinkedIn, and then it even gives you an AI summary. And I really love this workflow for a few reasons. One, its simplicity. And two, it's really easy to build upon this. What I'm going to show you is how to build what is essentially a lead generation skeleton where you submit a form. It gets all the data. It does some parsing with AI and then it deposits it in a place like Google Sheets. But I'll also show you some other things you could do with this data on the back end, like enriching the data, like coming up with custom cold outreach, and then actually sending off those emails. There's a million different ways you can iterate off of this base, which is why I love this automation. So, let's dive into it right now. So, the way we're going to do this lesson is I'm just going to go module by module, show you what's inside, show you what's under the hood, and then we're actually going to go to places like Apollo and Appify so you can see how it's actually working. And as always, if you want this template, it's inside the school community, so you can just upload it and get it working right away. Now, on to the form submission. So, here inside the form submission, you see there's a few things you as a user can fill out. You're going to have the job title, the company size, some keywords, and you can add as many keywords as you want, and then your location. This, as you see in the output, then gets split up into a number of items that we then map into AI in the next step to generate a search URL for Apollo. Now, why the heck are we generating a URL? What does that all mean? Let me explain. So, what you're looking at right here is the inside of Apollo.io. Now, you can go ahead and make an account Apollo right now. It's free. Although if you want to actually use it for real and get a lot of data, you have to pay for it, which is why we use the automation that we use. Now, right here is essentially a dashboard or a place where you can search for leads. And here on this little screen is where you can put things like the persona you're trying to find, the number of employees of the leads you're trying to find, the location, the job titles, the company, etc., etc., etc. You have a bunch of different filters which once run gives you what you see over here on the right. You know, we have a name, we have a title, we have a company, and you're able to access the emails, the phone numbers, and then it even goes into things like their LinkedIn. Now, you could pay Apollo straight up to have access for all this information, but you would need to go into an Apollo and actually do all these things manually. And it's kind of a pain in the butt, especially if you're not someone who's going to use the full amount of credits that Apollo gives you. For many people, they actually just need a small slice of that Apollo pie for their needs, and they don't want to pay the whole subscription, which is where Apify comes in, which I'm going to show you later, which is the tool we use to access this information on Apollo, right? Think of Appify as a secret doorway into Apollo's data that we can use to gather it. Now, talking about the search URL. So, now this can be kind of hard to see. I'll do my best to zoom in, but here is what we're trying to create. this URL that I have highlighted right up here, if you're able to see it. Essentially, it goes app.apol.io blah blah blah blah blah. And then you have this large field at the end that has a bunch of different information. For example, it shows organization, numbum, employees, range, right? And we put in a range there. Person, location, Texas, organizations. Basically, every time I come in here inside of Apollo and change a filter, this URL changes. So every single Apollo search, every single lead search has a corresponding URL associated with it. And the way Appify works is we feed Apify this URL that we're trying to find and then Appify on its own Apollo account does the search for us and gives us the data. Now here I am inside of Appify. Now if you've never used Appify before, it's essentially a giant marketplace for different sorts of web scrapers. You can use it for LinkedIn web scrapers, Facebook web scrapers, or in this case, Apollo web scrapers. And like I alluded to before, think of it as Appify has their own Apollo account that they're going to use on your behalf. You just have to tell them what you want to search for and they're going to give the data at a slight premium, but you don't have to pay all these different subscriptions to get access to all the scrape data. And in this example right here, we can see what this scraper is looking for. What it's looking for is this URL, right? This is the URL that you need to input in order to get that data from Apollo. And like I said, this URL changes based on the filters you want. What this automation needs to do at the beginning is we need a way based on what leads you want to generate a URL that we can give to Ampify so it can scrape Apollo. Right? You have leads, we need a URL. Appify gets that URL, scrapes Apollo, gives it to us. That's how it's working. So data is jumping from a lot of different places and I get that can be a little confusing. All you need to understand is at the end of the day, we're ultimately getting the data from Apollo and we're using it through an intermediary known as Aify and they need the URL to do that. And so once you submit your form, that's why we go here to a basic LLM chain where we have the Apollo URL generator. And inside of the prompt, we give it the job title, the company size, the keywords, and the location. And you'll remember those are some of the same filters that we saw on the actual Apollo page. Now, next up is our money maker, the system prompt. And what are we seeing here? Well, we're saying, "Hey, you're an expert Apollo search UR." And your job is to take the data the user gives you in the form and turn it into an Apollo URL, right? We break down the type of data it's going to get. We show it the type of URL like essentially boilerplate looks like, you know, build one equals value one, etc. And then we give it an example, right? Here's some inputs and here's what the output looks like. So it now has a template of how it wants to manipulate things. Now, you might have seen way more filters on Apollo than you see here, right? We only have four different keywords or four different sections while Apollo itself had like 20. Like, how do we bridge that gap? Well, we don't want this to be too complex, right? If we have this with like 20 different sections of a URL that it needs to know how to manipulate, it can get kind of crazy and it's not going to be as accurate all the time. And we want accuracy. So, what does a lot of heavy lifting here is the keywords parameters. So if you want to add something that's not the job title or the company size or location like say the industry, well then you would just put that in the keywords and you can add as many keywords as you want. And so you fill out the form, it runs through this generator and you'll see over here on in the logs on the right, it spits out the URL we want. As for the chat model, I'm just running 4.1, which is probably overkill to be totally honest. And now that we have the URL, now we can go to Appify and actually execute this. Now remember this is all we're doing. We're taking that Apollo URL that was inside our web browser and we're essentially copy pasting it into here in this URL section. Now you could do this manually, right? You could go to Apollo, find the URL you want, jump back to Ampify, paste it in here, have it run it, get the outputs, but obviously that's tedious and we want to automate this whole process. So what we're automating is the ability to take that URL and send it to Ampify. And the way we do that is with this guy right here. This is just a simple HTTP request. Now, it's going to be post and for the URL, it's going to be v2 act/ million different letters and words and then run sync get data set items. Now, how the heck did I know to put that there? Well, it's inside the Appify documentation. If we take a look here inside of Apollo, first of all, let's take a look at the URLs again, which is a big topic of today's video. The actor ID comes after actors backslash and then you're going to see a string of letters and numbers before a slashinput. That's the actor ID. And you'll see jumping back in here, that's reflected here, act slash, and we have the ID. but they make it a little easier because if you come up here in the top right where it says API and then we go to API endpoints what we really want to do is we want to do this run actor synchronously and get data set items which means it's going to run the the scrape it's going to go get the data and then it's going to wait to collect the data before it tells you hey everything's okay and we're ready to go and then it gives you the actual URL for that now in this case it shows the actual name of the ID, but the point is the same. And in here, it also includes your API key, which we're not going to include inside of the NM version, but we simply replace the name with the letter ID, but everything else stays the same. We just get rid of the token part. So that's how you figure out what URL you need to use. And this applies to other Ampify actors as well. So that's how we found the URL. Authentication is going to be none. And then you're going to use headers and we're going to do two headers. The first one is is accept application/json. Again, be wary of capitalization and a white space. And then it's going to be authorization bearer with a capital B space and then your appy API key. Don't worry, I'll delete this one later. Now, how do you find your Aify API key? You're going to go down to the bottom left where it says settings and then API integrations. And this is where you can create or copy API keys you want. Now, let's talk a little about about Appify and pricing. So, Appify does have a free trial, but if you want to use the API stuff, you have to pay. It's $39 a month for the first tier. Now, you'll also notice on Ampify, let's go back to some of these actors that there's a price associated with them. So, for this Apollo Scraper, it says $120 for a,000 leads. Does that mean I'm paying $39 a month plus a$120 every time I get 1,000 leads? No. that dollar that $39 essentially acts as a credit that you can spend on different actors in the Ampifi marketplace. And while that may seem pricey, understand you have access to way more than just the Apollo scraper. And you have stuff like LinkedIn and all sorts of things. And also, it's cheaper than what the Apollo scraper, what the Apollo subscription itself would cost you on a month-to-month basis. Now, once you get your API key, you're going to hop back into here, paste that in there, and then the next step is we just need to send the body. So, we're going to send the body as JSON using JSON. And this is what it's going to look like. Personal emails, work emails. We want that total records has to be minimum 500. And then URL. This is where we map the URL we created down into here. Right? So, that's what's going on. Now, again, how did I figure that out? Well, it's literally just this right right on the front page. You just copy paste this JSON into here and put that into your body. They make it really, really simple. And when you run this, so on this example, I was looking for fintech founders in Texas and the keywords were like SAS. I got 386 possible leads back. That's a ton of leads and it's also a ton of data. If you look over here on the right, and I'm just going to scroll through it fast. You're going to see all the stuff from just a single person. We're still on one person. Just got to the second person. So this highlighted part, all one person. Well, sorry. This highlighted part as I go down is all one person's data because it's looking at a lot of stuff, not just their personal stuff, but also their organization and some sort of work history. And so the next step is going to be, well, what data out of that giant blob do we actually care about and do we want to put inside of Google Sheets? And I'll show you how you can edit it and which ones I chose. So let me take a moment to do a really quick plug for the Chase AI community on school. If you're looking to dive deeper into the AI automation space, whether that's to build agents of your own or create your own AI agency, this is the place for you. We have tons of guides of how to build all sorts of AI agents and automations. Everything ranging from personal assistants to marketing agents to scrapers, and they're all here for you with the templates included. You also get to be a part of a thriving community of AI builders. And anytime you run into trouble, you have other members to assist you, as well as me personally. So go ahead and check us out and I'd love to see you there. So right here I have a limit because we have 386 items and I didn't want to parse through all 386 items for this demo. I just had it parse through 10. You could have this be any number you want. You could get rid of the limit entirely. And every time you run this, it just does all the leads it finds. But the next step is parsing the lead data. And again, we have a basic LLM chain. And this time I'm using 4.1 mini. So, inside of here, I mapped a few things I thought was important. Basically, I'm taking the name, the title, the email, the LinkedIn, the organization name, the org website, and the or LinkedIn. That's what I'm grabbing here from all that information we got from the first person. Now, I had to manually do that. Basically, I had to go in here and let's say you wanted more than was just here. Well, you could easily do that. And let's say I wanted their photo cuz you actually get that information. I'd write photo and I'd find this photo URL and I would drag that in and continue that for as much additional information as you want to take from this Apollo treasure trove. But for me, I thought the big hitters were just like, "Hey, who are they? What's their title? Give me some contact information. Give me some emails. And also tell me about their organization because I'm talking to founders." So that's the user message. And for the system message, as we see here, a lot of this is just extracting it and making it look nice. So I'm telling it where it can find the information and I'm telling it what I want the output to look like. Right? I want everything to be an individual item so I can easily map it to different rows when we go to Google Sheets. And I not only have that here in the required output format. I also use a specific output format. So I did require specific output format. I did a structured output JSON parser. And then here I put an example of what I want the output to look like, which I think the structured output parsers are great, especially when you have follow on Google nodes or air table nodes and you want things to go into individual places. And so when we go back into here and you look on the right, you can see how much nicer this data looks, right? So for the first person, full name, email, title, LinkedIn, and I even have it including a summary. So the AI is ingesting all this information and then just giving me like a one or two sentence overview that I can easily digest. And then from there we're going on to Google Sheets. Now remember this is what the Google Sheets looks like. And we need to make it so every space is properly mapped so it knows where to put the name, where to put the email, where to put the website, etc. And so we have an append or update sheet. We simply connect our account. We pick the sheet we want and then we just map the data. So I just took the full name, dragged it in here, took the email, took the email, dragged it in here. Now, this is important because even though it's not shown, right, in this automation, if you want to make this really robust, like a full outreach system, well, you're going to want to be able to like individually pick that email out the chain, right, and eventually send stuff off. Because if you look at some of my previous LinkedIn scrapers, like this guy right here, that's kind of what we did, right? Like we also did some company research on the back end and then we did a huge combination with all the information we got from that individual and we combined it with our personal like selling point to give them some sort of personalized value ad when we eventually talk to them. And something like this gets you along that path. And again, this is super modular. There's a ton you can do with it, but going back to this, that's all that's happening here. We're just mapping data so it can very easily go inside a Google sheet that we can read simply. And that's how this Apollo lead generation automation works. You submit a form, we create that URL, we send the URL to Appy. Appify then scrapes Apollo on our behalf, gives us the data, we parse it, and we put it somewhere we like. Now, with this tool in your toolkit, it's now up to you to figure out, well, what do I want to do with this data, right? Do I just want to send a generic email to all these guys I got? You could do that. But also remember, you have their name now and you have their company information. So, you could do a few things. You could go do something like a Tavly search on their company and get some really in-depth data on what they're all about. You could go back to Appify now that you know how to use it and scrape their LinkedIn because you have their name. And similar to this guy, you could do something like where you combine everything together into a personalized cold outreach email that includes stuff about you and what you sell and how it would help them as an individual. So, I really love this automation. I think it's great, simple to use, and I think it really shows you how you can leverage something like Ampify to get data on people you want to sell to. So, um I hope this was fairly easy to follow. You might have seen up here on the top right the connection loss and was wondering what that was all about. Well, N's actually been down all day and I was lucky enough to actually have this automation with all the pin data and I could actually show you what was going on. Um, but yeah, let me know what you think. Let me know if you have any other AIFI actors you'd like to see videos on, and I'll see you guys

=== Scrape Anything with Apify & n8n (Step-by-Step Guide) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OhrZFQ2ZQE

If you're someone who needs to scrape data, especially if it's for things like lead generation, then you need to be learning how to use Ampify in your automations. So, what is Apify? Appify is a marketplace for web scrapers. Everything from social media web scrapers to LinkedIn scrapers to Apollo scrapers and everything in between. It's a great tool that lets you supercharge your AI automations, especially with stuff like Nadn. For example, in this workflow, I use an appy scraper that looks at people's LinkedIn to help me generate cold outreach is actually customized. I have another one right here that looks at Apollo where it gets a bunch of lead information, including their email, their company website, all that stuff. It comes via Ampify, but it's using something like Apollo. And ultimately, why do we care about that? Well, take the Apollo example, right? So, if you don't know what Apollo is, it's a third-party lead genen web app. So you go in there and you say, "Hey, I'm trying to find information on like fintech founders in Texas." You put that in there and then it gives you a bunch of data on people including things like their email, their LinkedIn URL, their organization, etc., etc., which is great. The problem is it costs $60 a month or less if you do annual. But point being, you need to pay a lot for that one scraper. But what if I need a bunch of scrapers? And oftent times, say for Apollo, I'm not using enough to really justify $60 worth. If I could get just like $10 worth of Apollo every month, that'd be perfect. Well, that's what you do in Apify. It's essentially pay as you go to an extent. And I'll go deeper into the pricing structure later on this video. But what you need to know is you have a suite of web scrapers at your disposal here in AppFi. And while it's such an awesome tool, it can be a bit intimidating to actually figure out. Even simple scrapers like this Apollo one, you get to this page and it's like, what exactly am I supposed to do here? if you don't know how to read documentation, which many people who aren't technical don't necessarily know how to do. And so the ultimate goal of this video is to show you how you can leverage Amplify to use it inside of your N automations in a simple manner. So back to this example right here, this overengineered cold outreach program. Where is the Ampify scraper happening? Well, it's happening right here, right where we scrape the profile and then we get the data. Now, this in inside of Naden is an HTTP request. There's no dedicated Appy module, but what it's going to look like inside is something like this. You're going to have a URL, which is going to change based on the Appify um actor you're using. You're going to have some sort of information in here, like it's always going to be accept application JSON. You're going to give it your API key, and then you're going to send it some sort of JSON body. Now, this is about going to be about 80% the same for all Ampify actors. What's going to change? Well, what's going to change is this URL. And specifically, what's going to change is everything past this V2/act. So, this highlighted area. Now, what's happening here? This highlighted area includes the actor ID. So, the actor ID is the specific scraper. Amplify uses the terms as as actors. When someone says a scraper on Ampify, they're also saying the same thing as an Ampify actor. I'll probably use both terms here. And then the backslash runs. So this is saying, hey, this is the actor I want you to use and this is what I want you to do. So for this particular one, we're saying, hey, I want you to use this LinkedIn scraper, and I want you to run it. That's all I want you to do. But what do you want it to run? What sort of data are you passing? Well, in this case, we're passing this, which is a JSON URL, which in this automation is a LinkedIn URL. So, that's what it looks like on the NAN side. This is what it looks like on the LinkedIn side. So, what do we see here? Well, we see the LinkedIn profile URLs. Remember how in Naden we were passing a URL? Well, this is where the URL is going to end up. And what how it works is you put in a URL for this particular scraper of someone on LinkedIn. You're trying to scrap the data. This just has a random one in there. You then run it and it's going to go to that URL and send you all the data. Now, LinkedIn scrapers are a big one because they're very much in demand, but you have LinkedIn's terms of service policy, right? You're really not supposed to be scraping. And if you're scraping on your own account, you could get banned. Well, using Ampify, it's not with your credentials for the most part. For example, this one isn't. Most of them aren't with your credentials. So these scrapers are also kind of a way to get around some of these issues. So once you start it, it'll look like this. It's going to pull the image. It's using Docker and it's finding all the information. It's going to spit it back to you as an output. Now you could do this manually, right? You could manually go to this page. You could manually put in a URL. Then you could manually go to the output and you could do all this. But the power is at scale inside of automations where you're able to feed it URLs over and over and over and it just gives you data and data and data in a single place that you can then manipulate. But this is how each individual run is working. So we gave it the URL, it pulled the data from LinkedIn and then down here at the bottom we'll say export one result. We can go ahead and view it in a new tab and we see all this data they took from LinkedIn, right? The name, the followers, the work history, the email, etc., etc., etc. Right? So that's how it works in a nutshell for this particular LinkedIn thing. Right? It's going to ask for some data. The data it's going to ask for is going to be here inside of JSON. Right? You'll notice this is the exact same thing as what we have here. Right? That's how we got it. So then let's also dive a little more into like the URL. Right? Remember how I told you that we need to have the actor ID? So right here inside the URL, it might be kind of difficult to see where it says actors backslash inside the URL in this highlighted part. That is the actor ID. So you can always find it inside of the URL. And then if we come up here to the right where it says API and we go to API endpoints, here's where we can find some of the different commands we can have. So here inside of API endpoints, you can see all the different commands you can give this particular actor. And you can go here and you can view the API reference where it goes into a little more depth. But let me tell you the big ones you're going to care about. You're going to care about run actor, right? You just want it to run. That's what I showed you in the first n one. And you're going to and you're also going to care about run actor and get data set items. In fact, this third one is going to be the best one because what it does is it's going to run your actor and then it's going to wait for it to actually complete and then it's going to get the data and then it's going to show you the data. Now in this example we just use runs. So we just use a single run and then it waits and then it does a get. We could we could have combined those in this particular automation by simply doing the run synchronously. So we were actually a little inefficient in that case and this would have been able to combine those two modules into one. Get the data, collect it, let us know when you have it. Now, there's a couple key differences here. So, you'll see here we also have axe and then it does backslash. But instead of the letters and numbers, it just has the actual name of the actor, which in this case is Dev Fusion LinkedIn profile scraper. Both of those work. So, I could copy this in there and it' be the same thing as if I put in the numbers and letters that we saw in the URL. And then it has backslash runs synchronous getit data set items and then there's a question mark. Now, when it comes to taking this and putting it inside of NAND, I'll hop back in here. You don't want anything past the question mark because everything past the question mark, it then gives you your API key inside of um Amplify. So, you just want to do this first part up to that question mark and copy paste that into the URL. The rest of this you can kind of ignore because we actually manually put in our API key and the rest of the HTTP request and I keep referencing this get actor synchronously in the get data set items and let me show you an example of that. So here in this Apollo lead generator you'll see the URL that shows that right does axe does the ID and then we have backslash or forward slash run sync get data set items. So in this case, I pass it the data I was supposed to and then it just comes back with the output I wanted. And just like the previous example, right, you see similar setups except application JSON authorization bear API key. But what's the difference here? The difference here is this JSON. Now, where did I get that? Well, again, when we were looking at LinkedIn, we just came here in JSON and we had this. But now we're looking at the Apollo one. So, let's take a look at the Apollo scraper and see what it looks like. Now, here I am inside the Apollo scraper and you'll see what it gives me, right? Clean output, personal emails, get work emails, and a URL. In this case, how the Apollo scraper works is it needs a URL that it would find in Apollo and then it goes into Apollo and scrapes the information. I won't go too detailed into that, but all you need to know is this also needs a URL. But alls I had to do was copy this and then come into here and put this into the JSON payload. And the thing I wanted to manipulate was the URL it used. Just like I would want to manipulate the LinkedIn URL because I always want to get different person's information. This is where you have to map something inside of NN. So for this example, I have a URL generator. The URL generator outputs a URL and then every time I run it, that URL gets mapped down here. So every time I run this, I'm getting new leads each and every time. So to recap, what do we care about inside of Appify? We care about the actor IDs and we care about this this JSON payload. And the JSON payload is easy to find. The actor ID is easy to find as well. And if we ever get confused, we come over here to the right, we go to API endpoints, and we find what we're looking for. And usually that's just going to be run after and get data set items. So, I hope that makes a little more sense in terms of what you need to be looking on on Appify for what sort of data you need to find and manipulate and how you put it inside of NAN. Remember, always an HTTP request. URL will change and the body will change. Everything else stays the same. You just need to know based on what you're doing, what data do I need to manipulate? And oftent times, it will be pretty obvious. And also feel free to come in here when you're looking at these um Ampify actors and just change things because this is like a little playground thing. It's going to cost you uh 2,000 of a single scent to run this, right? So, play around with it. Look at the different run options. Mess around with the settings so you're getting the outputs you expect. Now, let's talk about Appify pricing and look at the tiers. So, there is a free tier and the free tier gives you five bucks off the bat, but the $5 only apply to when you're like in here playing in the playground version. You can't take the API and go into n with your free credits and actually have it work. You have to be on some sort of subscription. And the subscription cost is to start $39 a month. Now, you'll also notice on all these scrapers, there's a cost associated with it. So, for example, this Apollo scraper, it says a $1.20 per 1,000 leads. Does that $1.20 get tacked to get tacked onto that $39 a month? No. Think of that $39 a month as a credit you get to spend every single month on different Amplify actors. So, I could run this what 35 times, get 35,000 leads basically before I hit my limit and had to go up. So, that's how the pricing works. And all the actors as you search through the store have different prices associated with them, right? Um, this one's pay per event. Some require a bit more, right? This Instagram scraper, $2.30 per,000 result. And pretty much any developer can come on here and put their own scrapers. So, when you search for scrapers, right, if I look for, you know, social media scrapers, you'll see a ton. And you can see how many people are using them. you can see how many stars they got and you can compare and contrast prices. So you're not stuck with just a couple different social media scrapers or a couple different LinkedIn scrapers to choose from which is nice. So that was a really highle overview of Apify, Ampify actors, how you can find them, how they work, and how you can integrate them inside of your NAN AI automations. I think Apify is a great tool, especially when it comes to lead genen stuff. You just have to kind of figure out how to navigate the place because it can be a little daunting. So, I hope that answers some questions and I would love to see what you're building with Ampify and NN.

=== Automating Veo3: The New #1 AI Video Tool? (n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3z1fItzbLY

Have you seen that you can now use VO3 inside of NAN? Yeah, I saw it. It's insane how easy it is to set up. So, the person being interviewed in that video wasn't wrong because you now have the ability to use VO3 inside of NAN thanks to third party programs like FA AI. And it's actually really really easy to set up. With very simple HTTP requests, you now have the ability to harness V3 without paying Google $30 something dollars a month just to have access to their video generation model. If you think I'm joking about that last number, here again is a look at the Google AI Ultra package. And you can see it's $250 a month to get the most amount of credits to get access to V3. Now, let's be totally transparent upfront because most people don't talk about this. This still isn't cheap, right? So, to run this automation, it's going to cost you $6 for every 8second video. That's right, $6 for an 8-second video. Kind of wild, but hopefully in the future that price continues to go down. And I think even with that price point in mind, this still might be worth it for you if you're someone who just wants a small amount of the videos or you just want very small scale automation. And what I'm going to show you here is I'm going to give you the skeleton for how you can set this up with all sorts of AI automations. This what you see here, this is the most basic version. We're going to fill out a form. It's going to go to AI. It's going to give us a nice little prompt which we then send to foul to generate the video using VO. And at the end of it, we grab the video. We send it to ourselves via Gmail. We have a link. We can download it. Sounds great. But if you want to add true automation on either end of this, whether that's, you know, a whole Air Table suite that you fill out all the prompt information on Air Table and it runs every 24 hours and then it's automatically updated, you could easily do that using this as a base. And so I'm going to show you how to set up the skeleton so you can go ahead and take this and execute it however you like. And with that being said, let's jump in and let's go to foul.ai and actually set up an account. So, I just wanted to give a really quick plug for the Chase AI community on school, which is the right place for you if you're trying to learn how to build AI agents and AI automations, but you're someone who's nontechnical and just needs a little more help along the way. We have dozens and dozens of lessons here on AI agents and AI automations that are built for nontechnical users. And you get help from me specifically. You get all the templates, you get all the prompts, and you also get access to a thriving community of AI builders and entrepreneurs who are trying to break into the AI agency space. So, we would love to have you there. So, here we are inside of FAL. And what you are going to need to do first and foremost is make sure you have enough money in your account because this thing is really expensive. And you can add funds by going here to billing. I think they start you off with either $5 or $10, but if you need to add more, this is where you do it. You can also find your API keys here on the front page, which you will need to have handy later. And then lastly, they have the explore button. If you click on the explore button, you can see all the models that are available to it. file set is essentially just a one-stop shop for a bunch of different APIs. And we can take a look at VO3 here. And in this page, we have a playground where we can play with different prompts. Again, it's not free. The API examples, different requests, and some sort of analytics. But what I want you to do now is go back to the homepage, go to API keys, and just have that ready to go. Now, the first thing we have here is just an on form submission. Again, super easy to make inside of NN. You're just going to go over here and you're going to search for form and then something like this is going to pull up. Now, I just added a few things to this form and that's the overview, the context, the action, and the style. In the video you just watched, I just said, "Hey, casual street interviews holding a microphone." I essentially took the example one that they use on foul and just broke it up throughout an actual form submission. Now, if you're having issues on the form submission when you're running this in test URL, you may have to go to production URL and set your workflow to active to actually get it to work. Just as a heads up, the form can sometimes can sometimes be finicky inside of N&M. So, once you have the form submission, you're then going to create a basic LLM chain because we're going to take all that information we put in there, right? the overview, the context, the action, the style, which we have here in the prompt. And we're going to have the AI system just create a better prompt for us. So, inside the system prompt, we tell it, you are an expert in creating text to video prompts. Give the user given the user's inputs, generate a text to video prompt. So, it took all that and it sped out this prompt that you see over here on the right. Now, next is the good part and that's doing the actual HTTP request, the foul. So you're just going to add an HTTP request node. And clicking inside here, I'll show you how you set it up. So the URL is going to be https q.fall.run/file-ai/v3. And again, inside the school, I have all this set up as well as the template. And you're going to add a header, and it's going to be authorization. And then it's going to be key capital K space and then your API key. Remember inside of file you're just going to add a key here. Call it whatever you want. Copy it and paste it into NAN. From there for the body it's going to be JSON. And the only thing you need to worry about is adding a prompt. And that is going to be mapped from the output over here. Right? So we're just going to drag that guy in there. Patching will be 1 to 2000. And if you dive into the documentation, you'll see there's other things you can pass in the um body, but they're essentially all going to default to the same thing, which is 16 by9, 8 seconds long, things of that nature. And so once you execute the step, you'll get some stuff on the right like an inq or a request ID. The things we care about really are just the status, hey, that it's in Q and the request ID because the next step is going to be a get video HTTP request. Now, I'll pause here for a second. In reality, what you're going to want here and what I'll show in the final version is you're going to want some sort of wait node. And usually, you want to set this to 10 to 10 minutes just as like a safety. um because from the time you create it to the time the video is ready, that can go anywhere from like 90 seconds to much longer depending on how hard the servers are being hit. So, as a precaution, you're going to want to have like a wait note here that looks just like this. So, you'll request it, you'll wait, and then it's going to get it. If we come here to the get video, we'll see that the URL is essentially the same. I'm going to delete this real quick just for the video, but you'll see it's the HTTP request. Q.val, same thing as before, slash requests, and then we map that JSON request ID into there. Authorization is the same, key is the same. And when you execute this step, you'll finally get that URL where you can actually look at the video you got. You can actually copy and paste that into your browser, and it's going to show you the video. Lastly, we want some sort of notification that this happened. So, we just go into a Gmail node and we have a two with the subject and then the actual message. And the message is the mapped URL that we just drag down into here. Again, this trigger could be any this like Gmail thing could be anything. It could be a Slack node. It could be any sort of thing that you want it to be. But it's really that easy. We're just at its core, at its core, we're just taking a prompt, sending it to foul, getting the video back. That's it. That's all you have to do to start using VO3 inside of NN. And again, you can make this as complicated or as simple as you want. You can obviously get really, really sophisticated. You know, like I talked about before with Air Table, you could have this lined up to where you have, you know, 20 prompts, 30 prompts all lined up for essentially a month's worth of content that you can rotate through and keep hitting one after the other. I think another way you could look at improving this would be if you're using this in sort of like an ad space for different sorts of clients, you could have a one-stop shop where they have a bunch of different like preset prompts that they're able to look at and then insert their own branding or insert their names into it, right? And you could do that from some sort of front-end UI that you built with like lovable and then it turns around and it sends it all back here, right? But this this prompt HTTP request get the video core, that's always going to say the same. This right here is always going to be your bread and butter. And the videos it makes are high quality. Like we can take one more look at this one that I created. You seen that you can now use V3 inside of Naden? Yeah, I saw it. It's insane how easy it is to set up. And it is really just wild how good the quality on this is and the audio that comes in as well. So, I hope this video helped you out and you're able to see how easy it is to start using VO3 videos inside of your NAN ecosystem. As always, let me know how you like this video, and I'll see you guys

=== I Built a Real-Life JARVIS with n8n & ElevenLabs (AI Voice Agent) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oklBivXeM4

Hello, I'm Jarvis. How can I help you? Hey Jarvis, can you go ahead and automate my entire life for me? Hey everybody, I'm super excited about today's lesson because in our last video, you'll remember we created this guy, our own personal assistant AI agent that we were able to interact with via Telegram. Now, Telegram is awesome. We could talk to it and have it transcribe our stuff via voice or could text it normally like we would any sort of messaging app. And then would actually do the things we told it. It could send our emails. It could check our calendar. It could do internet research. And I told you in that video that we were going to improve on it in the follow-on video that you're watching now. And what that improvement looks like is this a personal AI agent that we now interact with using 11 Labs. And that's what you heard at the beginning of this video, me talking to Jarvis. And I love this lesson for a few reasons. One, I like kind of the visual simplicity of this version versus this guy. But I love the fact we can now dive into Lovable and actually start building stuff on the front end, right? We're going to build an actual web app. And more than that, we're also going to dive into Superbase, right? We're going to start talking about databases. We're going to talk about authentication. We're going to talk about security. And then, of course, we're also going to be working with 11 Labs, which is a really cool app where we can do all sort of this voice agent functionality. and you can begin to see how you could use this and other AI agents and other AI automations that you build inside of NAN. So, how are we going to break this lesson down? Well, the first thing we're going to do is we're going to jump into 11 Labs and I'm going to show you how to set up your voice agent on that platform. Then, we're going to go into Lovable and we're going to build out our front end. We're going to build out our web app. So, all in all, we're actually going to touch on a lot of different topics in this lesson. And I really like that because it's not just stuff that's specific to creating a personal AI assistant with a voice agent, right? This isn't a lesson in a silo. A lot of these lessons and a lot of the things we learn here, you're going to be able to take to other workflows and other AI agents that you build inside of N&N, especially if they're ones that you want to put on a forward-f facing customerf facing website. So, with all that being said, let's dive in and we're going to start with 11labs.io. So, I just wanted to give a really quick plug for the Chase AI community on school, which is the right place for you if you're trying to learn how to build AI agents and AI automations, but you're someone who's nontechnical and just needs a little more help along the way. We have dozens and dozens of lessons here on AI agents and AI automations that are built for nontechnical users. And you get help from me specifically. You get all the templates, you get all the prompts, and you also get access to a thriving community of AI builders and entrepreneurs who are trying to break into the AI agency space. So, we would love to have you there. So, here we are inside of 11 Labs. You can sign up for a free account. I suggest just going with a starter account. It's five bucks a month. It gives you about an hour of conversation time with your voice agent. And you're going to come on the left and we're going to go to conversational AI. We are going to go to agents. And on this page, you're going to see all your different agents. And to create a new agent, you just come up to the right, click new agent, and just give it a name. We're just going to call this demo agent and we're going to do blank agent. They have some like pre-built ones here. And here's where you actually set up all of your AI agent stuff. So you can choose the language. You can add additional language. First message, we're just going to have it say, "Hello, I'm Jarvis. How can I help you?" This is just the first message they say when you start the call. So next is the system prompt. And obviously, as all system prompts go, this is pretty important, right? So the way 11labs is going to work is right, it's a doorway. We talk to it. Well, really it's a messenger. We talk to it and it's going to take our message. It's going to take our query. It's going to turn around. It's going to hand it to NAN, right? It's just going to be a tool caller. And it's just a cool way for us to call the tools because I like the ability to talk with an AI agent back and forth the way they let me. But we need to actually specify that. And there's other there's other few random things you want to specify, too, like how quickly do you want it to respond to you? Like you might think that's obvious. Like I say, hey, go send me an email. A normal person would say, "Hey, got it. Let me go do that right away." The voice agent might actually go send the email, then come back and be like, "Oh, hey, I did it." And we don't want it to do that. We want it to have like very quick responses. Tell me you got the, you know, you understood, you understood it, and then go do it, and things of that nature. So, I'm going to copy paste this system prompt in here, and we'll kind of go through everything it says. And obviously, this is all going to be in the school as well, but we write persona, worldclass AI assistant. What's your job? understand the request, extract the details, send it to NAND. You do not execute tasks yourself. Now, that being said, you could have a completely standalone voice agent inside of 11 Labs. I don't really suggest you do that. It's kind of limited because again, just send everything to Nitn. Let n do all the work. Tool, we will attach a tool to it. It's going to be called NN. You have to list that. And then what's the process? Listen, clarify, extract key details. And I put some examples here where it will verify like, hey, what do you want the subject and body to be? Um, what topic do you want me to research, etc. I also put in here like, hey, when you get a request, I want you then to immediately respond with, hey, got it. I'm on it. And B, didn't actually execute it, right? I don't want there to be any lag time. And then lastly, I hit it again. Don't perform requests yourself. Don't discuss the task status. And I also have a mention about timeout handling. And again, as all system prompts go, feel free to edit these as you wish. And I'm just going to put personal assistant up here. Do we need any dynamic variables? Not in this case. You can get kind of fancy. Okay. LLM. Now, you pay five bucks a month for the platform, but the platform itself doesn't include API costs, similar to NN. So, you need to choose what sort of LLM you wanted to use. Um, I suggest just 2.5 flash is good. It shows you the pricing per minute on here, which is pretty reasonable, right? 2.5 flash is 1 1,000th of a penny every minute. I I think you'll be okay. I hope so. Temperature, we're going to go creative. You can have it be deterministic like it always gives you the obvious response or you be more creative. Don't care about token limit. We're not going to add any knowledgebased stuff. Tools. This is going to be important. This is where we are going to end the NAND tool. So you're click add tool. Do custom tool and it's going to be a web hook. So it's going to be called NADN. Description will be collect user request and send it to an LLM. Now it needs some sort of web hook to actually do it. Now what we're going to do is we're going to hop into NN and we're going to go ahead and create that web hook. So here's your current AI assistant, right? So, I suggest back out of here, find that AI assistant, just duplicate it. That way, you always have that AI assistant hooked up to Telegram. And we're just going to call this one, you know, levelable or levelable plus 11 Labs, whatever you want to call it. It's just going to duplicate it. So, now once we're inside here, we can just get rid of some stuff. I'm going get rid of this, this, and this is all gone. And we're going to add some web hooks. So web hook one, we're actually going to have two web hooks on here because we're going to do a voice web hook and a text web hook through the web app. And then you also want to do a response to web hook. So now you just want to drag these to the edit fields. And now there's some things we're going to add here. So first web hook, we'll call this voice. It's going to be post and respond is going to be using respond to web hook node. And then down here, we can also switch this one to text. And this one will also be using respond to web hook node. And this will be post as well. Now edit field. We need to change some stuff. If you remember, right, similar to before where you had the text and voice coming in, you always want the same thing coming out of here that then ends up as the prompt for the AI agent. So, go into the edit fields and we're going to change some stuff. So, what we're going to have is we're going to have message and we're going to have UYU ID. So that'll be the message that comes from the voice agent and then every single message, every single conversation is going to have a tag associated with it, some sort of identification that we use for the memory piece. Now, we'll have to eventually map this when we run it once, but we can leave this blank for now. And you can come back in here, go to production URL, copy this, and then go back into here, and we're going to paste that in there. We're also going to put that to post. Then we're going to come down to body parameters. Now, the body parameters we're going to enable. Now, this is saying, okay, what data do you actually want me to push to your NAND backend? And how do you want that data to look like? what you saw in the edit fields that we just looked at. Remember, there's two big things we want it to give us, right? We want it to give us the message and we want it to give us the UYU ID and that's what we're going to add right here. So, for the description, we're going to have it collect the details of the user's request and we're going to add a property. The first one is going to be message and for the description, it's going to be what the user is requesting to do. Next one is going to be UYU ID. And for the description, we're going to write create a UU ID at the beginning of the call to act as a session ID. And we're just going to add the Awesome. Next, you save. Then we can scroll up and we can do the fun part. We can actually listen to the different voices. So, there's a billion different voices you can choose on here. And um I went with Cornelius myself, but go ahead, search through them, play them. You can actually find more voices down here. There's a ton of filters. This is probably the best part of 11 Labs is both the quality and the quantity of voices you can choose from. You can have multivoices, but everything else here you can keep default and we'll save it. Now, the next we're going to do is security. Now, we're going to enable authentication here. And this is going to be part just one part of the security measures that we enact with this voice agent. And why do we care so much about security? Well, this is a personal assistant AI agent that includes stuff like your email. Like, and we are going to put this on line on the web. So, we don't want just anybody to be able to walk up and use this thing, right? That would be a serious security breach if anyone just knew the website or even just happened to find out your login and password to the website and could start using it. And this is going to be one of the ways we're able to make sure that the right people are actually using this AI agent. And the right people means you and you alone. So, we're going to check that. And there's nothing else we need to do here. We'll save it. And then for the advanced, it's pretty explanatory what all these things do. For the turn timeout, I push this to like 20. Um, but you can kind of read through the rest of this and see if it makes sense to you. But there's nothing that you must do at this point. So save it. Um widget. You can't add the widget in this case when we do the authent authentication, which is fine. What's the widget? Well, you'll see here on the bottom right this need help start a call thing. That's not going to be available to us, which is totally okay. Now we finished setting up our 11 Labs voice agent. So now let's actually test this guy. Come to the top right, do test AI agent, and let's actually call him and see how it sounds. Hello, I'm Jarvis. How can I help you? Hey, Jarvis, can you send an email to Chase AI just asking him what's up? Got it. I'm on it. Got it. I'm on it. Okay, so you can shut it off after you do it. Not sure why he gave me the double got it. I'm on it, but we can kind of play around with that as it goes along. So, let's jump back into NN. look at the executions and see the latest one and we can see here that we do have an error which is expected. So let's go to debug and editor. So click here on the top right and it's actually going to copy all that information in there and automatically pin it which is super convenient. So first let's look at the edit fields button. So we can see here this stuff isn't properly um set. So message, we're going to get rid of this and we're going to map in the message. Whoops. Message is map, which is JSON.body message. Then the UU ID. We see here on the bottom left as well. Pull that in there. And now we execute that step. We see that the message and the UU ID are properly mapped. Now we go to the AI agent. Remember, we need to update this prompt. So this prompt is going to go from JSON.ext, text which we had in the telegram setup. It's now JSON dossage. So this is set up and you'll remember from the last one we now need to update the memory as well. And then it's going to be item.json and it's just going to be dot uyuid right edit fields item.jsonuyu ID which in this case is 1 2 3 4 5. So now we got the memory set up and we have the prompt set up. Sweet. So, let's save it. And then you can actually run this to see if it would work. And you can see, hey, it hit the memory. It's hitting the model and it's actually hitting the email properly. So now we have it set up the way it should be inside of NN. Let's hop back into 11 Labs and run a test one more time. Okay, so we're back inside 11 Labs. So let's see if it actually works this time. Hello, I'm Jarvis. How can I help you? Hey Jarvis, can you check online and just tell me what the biggest headline news is for today? Got it. I'm on it. The biggest headline news for today is that Harvey Weinstein has been found guilty of criminal sexual assault in his retrial. Okay. Well, he was able to get something. So, let's again verify that it worked. Check our executions. So, we can see the voice web hook worked the way it should have. Edit fields. It's getting everything like we expected. Boom. hits the agent, hits the chat model, memory, internet research tool. Cool. We know it's working on the back end and that we have that correct flow of data from 11 Labs to NN. Perfect. Okay, so what's next? Well, we have the voice agent working, which is awesome. But like I obviously can't just go inside of 11 Labs and every time I want to use it, go to 11labs.io, go to the test AI agent, run it from this UI. That's not very useful. I want to have my own website that I can log in that only I can use. Now, I also want to add text functionality to actually interact with this agent using voice. And so, the way we're going to do that is through Lovable. So, now what I want you to do is I want you to go to lovable.dev, create an account, and we're going to start building this front end. Okay. So, here we are inside of Lovable. And if you've never used Lovable before, it's an awesome web app that actually allows you to build other web apps simply through prompting. You just tell it what you're trying to build. It'll code it for you. It's iterative. You just talk to it as if you're talking with ChatgPT. And so this is what we're going to use to build our front end. And what you see right here is a basic prompt that I've given it. Now there's a few sections, a few features that our front end's going to need, right? It obviously needs some sort of visual functionality, but we also need to talk about the superbase features, right? How do we want those tables set up inside of the database? How do we want to do authentication? We're going to go into those parts later, but just to start, I'm just going to tell it to build some of the visual things that I want. And so this prompt is going to be in the school for you to copy, but I just say, "Hey, let's generate a visual front end. Here's what I want the theme to look like. You can edit that as you wish." I said, "I want kind of three placeholder pages. I want a landing page. I want a login page. And I want the main agent page." Then I talk about on the agent page, we want some sort of voice widget, right? Where we actually talk with our 11 Labs agent. I want a text widget. And then I'm telling it just make these visual placeholders. will actually go in and we'll do everything for real once you build out the visuals. So, go ahead and do that. And while it's coding all that, I want you to go to superbase and create an account. So, right now I'm on superbase.com. Go ahead, create an account. It's totally free at the beginning and the free tier is going to be more than enough for us. So, once you do that, you can go back into Levable and wait for it to complete its first run. Okay, cool. Here's the landing page. It built us your AI assistant. We can get started. It has a sign in thing. If I hit get started, we can see it brings us to the voice assistant. So, when we go ahead and talk to our AI agent and we do some text, this is what it's going to look like. Pretty good. Now, obviously, like we said before, this is all just make believe. This doesn't connect to anything. There's no backend at all. It's not hooked up to any end. This is just kind of like visual placeholders of what we want it to look like. And if you wanted to change it some more, like, hey, I want different visuals. I want different um sorts of coloring. You just come down here to the bottom left and put that into the prompt. And while we're here, I want to draw your attention to some of the different ways you can interact with level. So down here on the bottom left, as you probably figured out, is the place you do the prompts. There's an edit button. So if I were to click the edit button, I can actually, you know, bring up different sections of the page I'm looking at. Like I could click right here, the heading one, and I can change the margins, do all these stuff. There's an advanced setting where I can do that and then I can actually prompt it too. So you can get very granular as to what you want it to change. I'll go ahead and delete cancel. Um down here you also have a chat option. So if I click chat then I'm just going to talk with lovable which actually has Sonnet 4.0 under the hood without it actually coding anything. One of these things you'll notice when it comes to like these you know web app building agents is you ask it a question and it just goes off on its own direction. just starts coding and building things, you're like, "No, no, no. I just wanted to have a conversation." So, often times it's good before you ever implement anything is to go chat first, talk to it, get some feedback, make sure you're on the same page with AI, and then it will actually tell you, hey, do you want to implement this plan? You hit yes, and then it will go through and do everything. So, we are going to want to connect Superbase. So, down here, connect superbase. We're just going to click that. And if that didn't pop up for you for whatever reason, right, for some reason it gave you a different response. You don't even see that. Up here on the top right, that little green um sign, you can also do connect superbase. So, I'm going to hit connect superbase. And here you connect your account. And then we're going to create a project. This will then bring you into Superbase and just give it some sort of name. I'm gonna call it um lovable demo project. Give it whatever password you want. Then we're going to create new project. Once the project has been created, hop back into lovable, connect to a project, choose your project, and then you can back out once it's connected. Now, we're going to execute part two of this lovable section, and that's going to be getting our superbase, our database stuff up to speed. And so, to do that, I have this prompt. I'll kind of put this in the center of the screen so it's easy for everyone to see. So, I'm in chat and I said, now let's add the backend engine. What we want to do, we want to connect to Superbase. So, we've already done that. And as always, all of these I can't as always all these prompts are inside of the school. Second, we want it to implement authentication. We want a way for users to log in. So, we're telling it, hey, I want you to set up the login forms. I want you to create these tables inside of Superbase. What do I mean when I create a table? That means it's creating inside, it's creating essentially a database of users that log in with their information like their username and security. So it's going to to have rowle security which essentially means the only person that can access your data is you. Only the user can access their own data. Even if someone else logs in, they don't have access to everything else. So that is another layer of security, right? There's going to be the login security. When you go onto this web app, you need a username and password. That's one level. And then level two is the fact that no one else can touch your data, right? Just you. And we do all of that through Superbase. So, that's all we told it. And again, you can just copy paste this in here. Just go back to a normal non old person um view. And I'm going to hit that. And again, we're in chat. So, this is just going to make sure we're on we're on the same page with the AI before it ever does anything. Okay. And here's what it came back with. And this is why I love Lovable, right? Because it pretty much says, "Hey, I understand what you're talking about." You can see that it checks all the code to make sure it knows what it actually has to do. And then it goes through and it shows you a step-by-step plan of how it's going to implement it all. Like if you were using something like Bolt like five months before, you would have to have pretty sophisticated prompting to have it output what it outputs right now. And it just does it all on its own. Like I I am fully team logical right now. So I like what it's saying. You should like what it's saying. And if you do, you're just going to go down here. You're going to click implement the plan. It's essentially going to create that entire prompt. It's it's going to give itself its own prompt. and it's going to begin executing the task. And so what's going to happen, let's put this back in with all our other uh guys over here. What's going to happen is it's actually going to go inside here, right? It's going to go into authentication. It's going to create some policies, which you see right here, and it's going to do it all the all this automatically. It's even going to mess around with some of these tables. You don't have to do anything. Just with the prompt, it's going to go into Superbase on its own and execute all these tasks, which is awesome. So, it shows right here what it's actually going to do and how it's going to create the tables and what it all looks like. What you're looking at is like SQL. If this is super confusing and you still want to make sure that this is all right, go ahead and just copy paste this and do an AI of choice and be like, hey, does this make sense for what I'm doing? It'll tell you it's good. So, we're just going to hit apply changes. Okay, awesome. and it implemented all those Superbase features we asked it to. But there's one thing we still need to do manually inside of Superbase. So you're going to hop into here on the lefth hand side. You're going to go to authentication. You're going to see users. And we're going to manually add oursel as a user. So you're going to go to add user. Create new user. Add your email. Add whatever password you want. And then you're going to do auto confirm user. Yeah. So you don't get an email. Create the user. Boom. you're already in there. But we want to do one more thing. Actually, I want to be the only user. I don't need anyone else coming in here and doing any crazy stuff and creating users. So, how do we do that? Well, we're going to go to signin providers on the left, right down here in configuration, signin/providers, and you're going to uncheck allow new users to sign up. We are now the only user. Now once you clicked um now once you've made it so new users can't sign up you're going to do save changes and then we're going to hop back into level. Okay so now we have the visuals done we have the superbase kind of backend database all ready to go. Now it's time to actually get some of the voice agent stuff in there so we can actually start using our personal assistant. So we're going to move on to step three of this lovable portion. So here's the prompt that we're working with. We're telling it one create the secure backend function. So we're going to be creating a superbase edge function called generate 11 L labs URL and it's going to have certain keys associated with it API key and an agent ID. Essentially this is where we're going to be using our API key to authenticate us so we're the only ones talking with that AI agent yet again. So yet another layer of security so no one's messing with our stuff. Second, we're going to be activating the front-end voice widget. And to do that we're telling it it needs to install the 11 Labs React package which you see right here. use the at 11labs/react package. And it's telling it, hey, when you click the microphone, I want you to call the agent so I can actually start talking to it. And then there's some UI stuff there as well, like, hey, connecting versus speaking and all that stuff. So, we're going to send that prompt. And while that's happening, I want you to go back into 11 Labs and we're going to grab our API key from there and our agent ID. So, if you go back here to your agents, we get our demo agent, right? If you go down here, you're going to find your agent ID. So, copy agent ID and then if you should you should have this pop up in Level where it says add API keys. So, you're going to put in your 11 Labs agent ID. Now, we need the API key. For that, we're going to go back to 11 Labs. And what are we looking for? Where's my API keys? Here it is. Go down to your uh profile. Also of note here on the bottom left side where it says 27% for me. This is a indicator of how many credits you have left. So I've used 27%. This is how much you've used. So I have 73% left. Quick math. Um and then API keys. Let's create an API key. Let's call this lovable test. Create. Copy back to Lovable. Put it in there. Submit. Lovable honestly makes this so easy. So, let's see it get to work now. So, says to sign in. Let's sign in to this guy. Close. So, it says it's ready for the voice conversation. So, we're just going to click it and see what happens. Oh, unable to connect. So, let's see what the error was. I'm going to go ahead and say looks like had a couple errors. What's going on? Okay, so we had it look at the errors. Says there was some issue with the React package and they've changed the URL. So, we're going to refresh this and see if it works. All right, so back on the voice assistant. Let's give it a shot. Hello, I'm Jarvis. How can I help you? Hey, Jarvis. How's it going, man? Can you uh tell me any interesting news from today? Got it. I'm on it. All right, I'm just going to stop it there since it was obviously working. That's super cool. And as always, let's hop into Nitn and check the executions just to be sure. So here's the latest run. Voice fields agent hits the tool, comes back, responds to us. Perfect. Just what we're looking for. So we know the voice functionality is working inside of lovable. And now the next thing will be is how can we have this also use chat? Well, that won't be too hard, right? Because remember, if we hop into NN again, we kind of have this whole infrastructure already set up. The only thing we need to see is like, hey, when we do the text, is it going to properly come through with what we want, right? A message and a UYU ID. And we're also going to have to probably do some changes in the edit field. But once we do that, that should be working seamlessly as well. And luckily, we should be able to do all of this through lovable. And so all we need to provide lovable is three things. We need to tell it, hey, here's the web hook. And then we need to tell it um send it as a message. Send the payload as a message. And three, send it as a UU ID. And lastly, we should also tell it that the output will be in something like JSON. So let's go ahead and do that. We need the production URL. So copy that. So once you're back inside lovable, you're going to tell it, hey, for the text capability, the web hook will be post. And then you go ahead and copy paste your web hook. And then you're going to say the text should send two things, a message and a UU ID back to N. And also tell NAN will respond with a JSON output. Right? So it says it's integrated. So let's go ahead and test it out. So hey, what's up? Now, if it works on the first try, I'll honestly be surprised. You know, honestly, not bad. It looks like it gave us the output in straight JSON. So, I'm just going to copy that and tell it, hey, this is what the output looks like. Can you parse it to make it look nicer? Okay, so it said it was able to refactor that code. It now can properly parse it. So, as always, let's refresh it one more time and give it a run. Hey, what's up? Hey again, not much. And what do we do? We do the same thing we always do. We go back in here and we check the logs. Now, I know this can be tedious to constantly go back and forth, but I can guarantee you this is a good practice to get in the habit of because you never want to get caught in a scenario where it's almost like fool's gold where you think something is working and it's not and you start going down a path you shouldn't. By simply doing this, it's going to let you know, hey, is everything working? And what do we see? We see it working just like it should, but there is something we do need to edit and it's actually here inside of edit fields. So, we're just going to make a very quick change. We're going to go to copy to editor. We're going to come in here, go to edit fields, and we're just going to add a couple more things. Well, actually, first thing you're going to do is we're going to unpin this from voice just so it's getting the right data. And then I want to do guu ID again, but this time it's going to come from the text uh module. So, if we come down in here, it's going to be UUYU ID and we're going to pass it through. Now, we don't have to change this message one because the message one is actually totally on point when it comes to the voice. If that's not the case for you, you would just add another field, call it message, and map it in. But we got kind of lucky and it passed it exactly in terms of like capitalization and all that as did the voice. So, that makes it exactly the same. And so now it will properly pass it to the AI agent and to the memory. So if you just hit save now and we're completely done with the NAN piece of this lesson. Our AI agent now does voice, now does text, and we've now created a web app that integrates it all and actually has some security baked in and we have all the superbase stuff. We did all that and it's now done. Now there's one last thing for us to do and that's to publish this bad boy. So again, lovable coming in clutch. You come up here to the right, you just hit publish. You're going to do publish. There's a couple superbase warnings. You can go ahead and dive into those if you want, but they're not going to actually affect you for this. And it's going to go ahead and it's going to give you a link. Paste it in there. And voila, here's your website. Works just like before. We just need to sign in. put in our password and here we are at the agent place where we can do our voice and our text just like that. And so we now have a pretty cool AI agent on our hands. And the nice thing is actually is your Telegram stuff should still be working as well. So you now have two different ways to interact with it. And with this lesson, I hope you can kind of see stuff that goes beyond just this personal assistant AI piece. I hope you can start to see how you can build end backends, whatever they are, and connect them with lovable frontends and use things like Superbase to really supercharge your project and give it things that if you're trying to build like a SAS application or something that really generates revenue in a customer-f facing way, you will need to have like you need a way to bring in users. You need a way to have them log in. You need a way to deal with that data. You need some sort of security apparatus, right? And Superbase is an integral part of that. and lovable makes it really really easy to tie it all together. So, I love this, you know, integration. I really like this lesson and I hope you did, too. So, go ahead, tell me um how it worked for you. I'd love to hear what your issues were as well. Just leave them in the comments or wherever you can. and I'll see you guys

=== Build your Personal Assistant AI Agent with zero code (n8n tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWtRA7quQKA

Hey everybody, welcome to today's video. And in this lesson, I'm going to teach you how to create your own personal assistant AI agent from scratch without using any code. This AI agent is going to be able to send emails, get emails, create calendar events, get calendar events. It's going to be able to access the internet via Tavi, and you're going to be able to interact with it via Telegram. So, you can text it, you can use voice, and whatever you tell it, it's going to be able to execute. Now, this lesson's pretty long because we're going to do every single module by scratch. and I'm going to explain it all to you in depth. I think this is the perfect beginner lesson for someone who's trying to get into the low code AI agent space with programs like NAND because you're going to learn how to set up the infrastructure for your AI agents going forward. We're going to go through system messages. We're going to go through API calls. We're going to go through how do I set up an AI agent in one space that calls workflows in another. And then how can I put it all together and interact with it somewhere outside of NAN, not just in a chat message, but with something like Telegram. We're going to learn all that today. So stay tuned and follow along. But before we get started building, let's knock out a quick demo so you can kind of see how it works. Hey, can you look up the latest AI news and then send an email to Penny detailing all that news? Could you also set up a calendar event for tomorrow as well with me and Penny? I would like to discuss um some AI news there as well. You can have the location be the Starbucks across the street and we'll do it for about an hour. So, if we look under the hood real quick, we can see it did everything we asked, right? We see it hitting the Open AI model. It's doing the emails. It's researching the internet. And then when we gave it that second task to do the calendar, it knocked that out as well. We can see the email it sent with the AI news. And then we also have the event and it included the guest. So, now let's jump in and build this thing. So, I just want to do a quick plug for the Chase AI community. You can find a link to it inside my profile. And here you can get even more guidance and get all my templates for all my AI agents and automations that you see online. I have even more guides here than what you see on YouTube. Stuff for rag stuff for business and creative and marketing AI agents. Our community is really active and constantly growing. So we would love to see you there. Okay, so let's get started. So we're inside a new workflow inside of NAM. We're going to go to add first step and then we're going to search for AI agent. Now we can keep all this the same. We can add a system message and eventually we're going to come back here and add a bunch of stuff, but this is good for now. So, as I said before, for the trigger, we're just going to keep it as a chat message. Eventually, we'll go in there and we'll change that. And now, we need to add a chat model. Now, remember the chat model is essentially the brains of the operation, right? And for this, we're going to use OpenAI's chat model. And if you've never set up an account before, you're just going to go to create new credential. And you're going to open the docs right here. And inside of NADN, it's going to give you step-by-step directions of how to do it. It's actually pretty easy if you haven't done it before. You're just going to create an OpenAI account. It gives you a link here. You're then going to go to your API keys page, which looks something like this. And then you're going to come up to the top right. You're going to create a new secret key. Now, before you hit create new secret key, you actually need to add some sort of funds to your account. So, you're going to click little settings bar up here. You're going to go to billing and then you're just going to add a credit balance. Honestly, you need to only add like five bucks and you can eventually add more to it. But once you add the money, then you can come back here and create a new secret key. If you create the secret key and then you add the billing, sometimes it'll give you an error. Um, so just do it in that order first. So then when you create new secret key, you can call it whatever you want. So we'll just call this test test. And then it's going to give you a key for you to copy. But then all you do is you just copy paste that API key into there. Base URL looks like that. You'll connect it and you'll be good to go. Now for the model, there's a ton of different models to choose from. The ones you should be sticking with for now are the 4.1 series. So 4.1, 4.1 mini, and 4.1 nano. Um, their order is how strong they are. So 4.1 is the strongest and 4.1 is the weakest, but 4.1 nano is also the cheapest. For our purposes here, we're just going to stick with 4.1. It's not too expensive. And if you're ever wondering, well, how expensive is it? You can go ahead and look it up on something like Google Perplexity, and it's going to tell you what the input and output cost is per tokens. And that'll be per 1 million tokens. And remember, every single word is about a token. Now, we want to add some memory. So, we're just going to do simple memory in this case. And the context window length is how many messages is it going to remember? So, we're just going to have it stick with five for now. And you can adjust that as you wish. And so, now it's time to start adding the tools. Now, remember, we're going to be adding a few tools to this AI assistant that we're creating, right? We're going to have it do uh a calendar tool so it has access to our Gmail calendar. We're going to do an email tool so it can send and receive emails. And then we're going to do a little like blog tool or internet research tool. Right? So, to start, we're going to begin with the email tool. And we're going to do call NAN workflow. We're going to call this the email tool. And then for the description, we're going to say call this to school for all email related tasks. Now, the next thing we're going to have to do is we're going to have to connect that workflow, but we haven't created it yet. So, we can't do that yet. But the reason we have it call another workflow instead of just creating it in here is a couple reasons. One, we're going to essentially create another AI agent that just does our emails and we're going to be able to call on it via this tool. And secondly, allows it to be modular because that way when I create this email tool in another workflow, I could connect it to other AI agents, right? It's just not stuck with this one. And that's the nice thing about NN. You can take something you built in one place and you can use it in different AI agents in different workflows very simply. So before we do that, let's just rename this guy. We're going to call this AI assistance. Save that. We're going to open a new workflow. We're going to go ahead and call this guy email agent demo. And so now we're going to build it the same way we did before, right? We're going to search for AI agent. And there's going to be a couple differences though. First of all, we're not going to have this trigger, right? We're going to use a different trigger. So you delete the chat one. You go to add first step and we're going to do when executed by another workflow. And for the input data mode, we're going to do accept all data. Now, why did we do this? Well, remember we have that like orchestrator agent up top we were working at here, right? This guy. And he's going to call on the email tool with this right here. And this is that very email tool. It's going to call, right? And so the way that works, the way you do that connection is with a when executed by another workflow. Now, same thing as before, we need a chat model. Now, for this one, we're just going to do 4.1 mini. We don't need to add any memory to this guy, but what we are going to start doing is adding the full suite of different Gmail tools. When it comes to setting up your Google account, really, Gmail, Google Drive, all the calendar stuff, too, it's a bit more laborious. I'm going to go ahead and redirect you to the video up here. It's a step-by-step guide to setting up your Google Workspace. It's going to take you about 5 to 10 minutes. It's not too bad. You only have to do it once. And then once you do that, come back here and connect your account. And so the first tool we're going to do is we're just going to have the send message tool, right? The send emailed. And now we have stuff like the two, the subject, and then the actual message. Now, we want AI to do all this, right? We don't want to have to hardcode in a specific email or hardcode in a specific subject. We want to be able to talk with our AI assistant and have it intelligently figure out who the two should be, who the subject should be, and who the message should be. And so to do that, we're just going to click this right here. And that's going to allow it to be defined automatically by the model. So we'll just click the stars. This way it knows, hey, the two, the subject, and the message. The AI is going to figure that out. Now, for the email type, we're going to keep it simple. We're just going to keep it text. You could keep it HTML if you want, and I'll talk about that more a little later. And we have some options here as well, right? If you want to have BCC, CC by sender only, all these things. All we're going to worry about right now is appending the NAND attribution. Click that off. That way it doesn't show like this was done with NAND at the bottom of all your emails. So now let's add another one, right? We're going to do Gmail again. And you can see we have a whole bunch of different stuff we can do, right? Label, message, draft. Like let's say I wanted to do draft. I can do create, delete, or get many. And as you go through this, you can see there's a lot of different things we can add here. So you could have, you know, 10, 12, 15 different of these Gmail tools. And we're going to do a couple more here, but feel free to add as many as you need or want. And the rhythm for adding those and adjusting those is all the same. Right? So for this, we're going to do draft. We're going to do create. We're going to do the subject. It's going to be by the model, the message, buy the model, email type, text, and then I just go through and I figure out if I need to add specific options. So in this case, I just need the subject and the message. And also make sure when you go in here that we're editing the name. So this is going to be send email or this will be create email. And why do we need to do the names? Well, it just makes it easier for the AI up here, right? The brain to actually know which tool to call. So this one will be create draft. And then let's do one more. Let's do um Gmail email tool. Let's do um get many messages, right? So, maybe I want it to go through my inbox and actually pull certain ones. Now, how many do we want it to get? Well, depends. Let the let the uh AI figure it out. Um simplify. Same thing. Let the AI figure it out. And then you can add filters here as well. Like I only want the red status to be something or I want it to be specific sender. All this stuff. So, for here, we'll have it filter by sender. That way we can actually when I ask for it, hey, get all the emails from Chase, it's going to know to do that. And so we'll call this get emails. And again, continue doing this to your heart's desire. So you have essentially your own custom Gmail suite. Now, the last thing we're going to add here is what's called the think module. Now, what does the think tool do for us? Well, there's a whole write up by Anthropic, the makers of Claude about what the think tool does. The long story short is a it's going to give us better performance when we use AI agents with multiple tools and b the way it works is essentially acts as like a notepad that the AI agents is able to like write stuff down and reference later. So when I tell the AI agent, hey, create this email and create a draft. It'll write that down using the think tool and then reference it later to be like, hey, did I actually do everything I said I was going to do? Right? So, when we're doing when we're doing any sort of AI agents with multiple tools, we like to add the think tool. Now, we're going to add one more tool, and that's going to be the Google contacts tool because we want our AI agent to have the ability to find the emails of the names we tell them, right? So, if I say go send the email to Chase, I want it to be able to look into the database inside Google contacts, match the name with the email, and use that to execute its tasks. Now, if you haven't used Google contacts before, just Google Google contacts. It'll bring you here and you can just add a few contacts as a demo, just like I've done. I have Chase Hanigan myself with an email and then I added another name, Penny, with a different email to test it out. So, once you've added a couple contacts, come back into here. For the operation, we're going to do get many because we want it to be able to grab as many contacts as we tell it. If I tell to send an email to multiple people, right, we need multiple emails. For return all, let the model decide. For the fields, we're actually going to pick them out. So, what do you want it to actually grab from here? In this case, I care about email addresses and names. And then for query and raw data, just have that defined by the models. So now, what we got here is our little mini email AI agent. And the last thing we need to do before we test it out is go into the system message. So click into that main AI agent and if you haven't done it yet, you go to options and you go to system message. Now what's the system message? Again, this is the internal set of instructions that are going to dictate how this AI agent works, right? What's the logic it goes through when executing these tasks. Now this one's pretty simple, right? We want it to do two things. We want it first to always hit that contact database to make sure it's getting the right email. And then we want it to do whatever we tell it to do. Now, you can just write that in plain English to the system message. But what I like to do is go to my AI of choice. For me, it's Gemini, but you could be Claude or Chat GBT. And then you're just going to tell it, hey, I'm trying to come up with a system message for this email AI agent. Here are the tools it has. Here's how I want it to work. Can you give me a system message for that? So, that's exactly what we're going to do. So, here we are inside of Gemini. I told it I need a system message created for an AI agent inside N. takes a user's query, executes email related tasks, and it has access to the following tools. Create email, create draft, get email sync tool and Google contacts. I wanted to always confirm the email address via the Google contact tool before executing the email tasks. So again, what did I tell it? I told it all the tools available and what I wanted to do and kind of the general logic of it all. So it kind of came back with just like rewarding what I said like you're an AI assistant, here's your tools, blah blah blah. And so I came back and I told it, hey, I want to expand upon it. I want all my emails signed off with best chase. I want the emails to be casual and tone and concise. And what it came back with was a much more robust system prompt, right? It had lists the tools, says what the tools can do, goes through the core instructions, and then it even has an example workflow of if I told it, hey, create an email like user says this, this is what you should do, etc., etc. So this second version when I kind of prompted it to do a bit more, this is what you're looking at for a good system prop, right? You want an explanation of the tools. You want some core instructions. And ideally at the end, you want some sort of example workflow of how you would want it to work in real life. So what we're going to do is we're just going to copy paste this guy into our system prompt. So we're back into here. Paste that in. Now we're going to add a couple things. So we're going to hit expression. We're going to expand this and I'm going to tell it today's time date is now. So then I'm going to do double curly brackets dollar sign and now should pop up. So and you'll see on the right I might be blocked a little bit but I'll show today's time date is date and time. Now you could go as detailed with this as you want. Right? We did an example workflow here but you could also put in example emails. You could put examples of your writing and really craft it so it sounds like you when this AI responds to emails or creates drafts, right? Because we just don't want it to sound like chaty BT AI slop, right? We want it to sound like you. And so the more work you put into the system prompt, the better it's going to sound. Okay, now that we have everything set up, let's actually test this guy. So the way to do that is we're going to put in some pretend data. So you're going to click here. We're going to come to the top right and hit this edit fields button, the little pencil. And now we're just going to delete some of this stuff. So you can delete the bottom. You can delete that. Delete the comma. We're going to switch the name to query. And we're going to change this to just be like a pretend request. So I'm going to say send Chase an email saying what's up. And I'm going to save that. So what did we just do right here? Well, we just put in some pretend data, a pretend query from the user and we pinned it. And what this is going to allow us to do is when we hit test workflow here on the bottom, it's always going to use that data. So when I'm testing stuff and making sure this specific section of the AI agent works, I can do it all from in here. I don't have to come up this main orchestrator agent, open a chat, put in the request, wait for it to go down, and do all of it. So, always try to use like pin data to like test workflows as close to the source of what you're actually trying to test as possible. It just saves you time and it makes it easier. So, let's test it out. Let's see how it works. And boom, we got an error right away. What happened? Well, if we click inside here, we'll see there's an error with the prompt because the source for the prompt was originally the chat trigger node. Remember when we first made the AI agent and it looked like this guy where it had a chat trigger? Well, it thinks it's still there and it thinks that's where it's going to get the prompt, but it's not. So, we're going to go to define below and we're just going to drag in this query right here. So, now the prompt it's going to be operating off of is the request we give it, which is send Chase an email saying what's up. Now, you also have the ability to ask the assistant over here on the right, and it's going to give you the exact same response. The N8 built-in assistant actually does a pretty good job of checking out errors. So, never hesitate to use that. But we're going to go with that. We're going to save this. All right. So, let's test it out again and see if it works. Right. So, it hit the chat model, hit contacts, but didn't send an email. So, let's see what happened. Says it couldn't find the contact name Chase. Well, that's strange cuz we saw it there inside the contact. So, let's check the logs and see what happens. Now, this is kind of how your troubleshooting flow should go. If you get some output you don't want, a good place to look is the logs, right? And you kind of want to go through each step of the process and see what happens. So, if I click the Google contacts part of the log, we'll see there was an input, but there was no output. And the input isn't really what we expected. We should expect some sort of input that looks like it's searching for Chase or Chase's email. So, this is strange, which means let's take a look at the Google contacts tool. Well, we'll open that up and what do we see? Well, we see an empty query box. So, that should be filled with defined auto automatically by the model. I don't think we could even see that when we first did it. So, let's back out of there and let's save it and let's test it one more time. All right, looks like it worked that time. It hit the model, hit the contacts, and it says it sent an email. Now whenever you want to check to see like what actually went on well again click into here go into logs I mean it shows us the output that the email was sent with the message what's up and the logs can confirm that to you right so it started with the chat model it went to the contacts we can see now right the query was searching for Chase and it actually found a couple stuff right it intelligently was able to figure out all right it's probably talking about Chase hand again and we're going to use that email versus the Chase AI email and then we can see in here it crafts up the email, sends the email and gives us a response. Now, let's check the Gmail inbox and see if it actually happened. So, here we are inside the inbox. We see it sent the message, "Hey, Chase, what's up?" And it actually signed it off the way we wanted to. So, that's a success. Now, let's try testing it one more time with another one of the tools. Let's have it create a draft. So, we can go in here. We can say say create a draft saying what's up to Chase. Now, that one's a little ambiguous, but we'll see if it does it. So, we'll go back. We'll test the workflow this time. It's the model, hits the contacts, and hopefully it's going to hit create draft. Well, didn't hit create draft. And instead, it said, "I found two contacts with the name Chase, right? The email and Penny. Which would I like for you to use to create the draft?" Now, in reality, we'd be able to actually have a chat back and forth and confirm this, but let's just go in here and make it a little more obvious. So, we'll say actually give it my full name and test it again. The model, contacts, draft, sweet. All right. Sent the email to Chase Hanigan. The logs will confirm that. If I go into my email and I go to drafts, we see there's a draft up here for hey, what's up? Cool. So, we have our little mini email AI agent all built out. So, what we can do now is we'll save this. We're going to go back to the AI assistant, this big guy. And now, let's actually map it. So, we'll click into here into the email tool. You're going to go to workflow, and you're just going to find that um email agent you made. So, we're going to search for email agent demo, right? It's in there and now it's connected. So, now that we did the email tool, now we're going to do the calendar tool and we'll be able to go through this a little bit faster because it's essentially the same exact setup, but this time we're just using the calendar tool. So, remember we're going to do a tool call in workflow. Call this the calendar tool and description will be call this tool to execute calendar related tasks and again we'll leave this blank for now and we'll come back to it. So we'll save that. We'll make a new workflow. Come in here. I have a folder for this. Create workflow and we're going to call this guy the calendar agent demo. What did we do first? Same as before guys. AI agent. Remember, you're going to have to mess with this later, right? Because we're getting rid of the chat message. It's going to be when executed by another workflow again. We're going to do accept all data. And now that we know we're going to test it, right? Now, we can actually just kind of put in the fake data right away. So, let's get rid of this. And you can kind of start thinking ahead of like if this is a calendar agent, what sort of request would I give it? Um, probably something to do with setting up a calendar. So, let's just do, hey, um, set up a calendar event for, um, create a calendar event for the gym today at 6 p.m. Connect this guy. What we're going to do, we're going to add the chat model for this. We're going to do 4.1 mini again. 4.1 mini. No need for memory. And now you know the drill. Now we just start adding tools. Now we're going to do the think tool again just like before. You know, if we're doing any sort of multi-tool agent, it's always good practice. And now we're going to search for calendar. So Google calendar. Same thing as before. Connect it to your account. And just like with the Gmail, there's a ton of different resources and a ton of different operations. So you can add as many as you want. So let's start with the first one, which is going to be create events. You're going to need to connect it to some sort of calendar of yours. And then what's the start date and what's going to be the end date? So it has these built in there already, but we're going to have AI figure this out, right? Use default reminders. Sure. You know, if you want it to remind you every 30 minutes or whatever. And then we have some different fields we can add. And there's a lot we can do here when it comes to the calendar. So locations, descriptions, attendees, right? Do you want this to be all day? You can do this as detailed or as generic as you want. So in this case, we're going to just do a description and we'll have the AI figure this out. Now, we didn't really add much of a description here when we did our fake data, right? So what the model may do when we say, "Hey, just create that gym event at 6 p.m." It might come back and say like, "Hey, like you have a description for me? if you want to add some more details, but we'll test that out later. So, boom. Create events. Um, what else would we want to do? Um, well, we probably want to be able to get events, too. Like, what do I have going on today? So, let's do get many events. Choose the list. And this can even be intelligent, right? Like you could have the model figure out which calendar do you want if you have multiple calendars hooked up. How many events do we want to return? Let the model decide. Let the model decide. let the model decide. And as you've kind of figured out when we say let the model decide, you kind of have to tell it what that would actually look like, right? If I just say get all the events, it's not going to know what to do. And again, for the options, attendees, do you want it to be by time zone, show hidden invitations, all that stuff is up to you. So, we can create events, we can get events. Um, let's check the tool again. [Music] calendar and we could do uh let's do create events and this time let's do it with attendees right so we want to figure out what attendees to add if I wanted to create event and actually invite somebody we need to have that going on at the bottom and just as before set the calendar set everything to be defined by the model now however if we wanted to do attendees what do we probably need to add as well. Well, we probably want to have the Google contacts thing here, too, right? Um, and just as before, contact, we're going to want it to get contacts. Return all, what fields are you going to want? You'll probably want the email addresses and the names, right? Query data. We'll have to check here again to see if we get that weird thing where it tells us to use the query, but it never shows the query, right, until we actually ran it. But we'll come back to that. But here we go. Boom. We got the events. Create event. Create event with attendee and get events. Now, last thing we can do here is kind of just rename these. So, we'll call this create events. We'll do this create event with attendees. Spell that right. Yeah. Rename um and then we'll call this get nuts. Now what do we have to do now? Now what's left? You guessed it. System message and prompt. So define below for the prompt again drag in that query. And then for the system message just like before what tools do we have available? What do we want the output to look like? And what is the logical steps this AI agent should take to execute the tasks we give it? We're going to go to in my case Gemini. Tell it that and see what it gives us. So I wrote, can you give me a comprehensive system prompt for an AI agent in NN that executes tasks related to Google calendar? Tools available are create event, create events with attendees, get events, contact tool, think tool. So gave me this system prompt, which is pretty good. But I'm actually going to show you real quickly another way you can do system prompts. If you're like, I don't even know what the logic of this should look like. So here's what you can do. Let's take this calendar one for example. I'm going to back out of this real quick. We're going to save this. If you come up here to the top right, these three dots, if you do um download, it's going to download the JSON for this AI agent. What's the JSON? I mean, that's like all the code in the background. It's inside of a file now. And I can go to something like Google Gemini, do a new chat, and we're going to drag and drop that agent into there. Now it's saying, now it knows all the code of what we're actually doing, right? It it just knows it. And I can say, hey, can you make me a comprehensive system for this and AI agent? I just gave you the code and let's see what it comes up with, right? Cuz sometimes you don't even know like what is the best like logical route to go through for these like assistant type agents. It's kind of obvious cuz these are things we already do ourselves. But as you get more and more complicated and you start creating agents that are like kind of new things that you don't do all that much, something like this can actually help you a lot. And truth be told, these types of system prompts tend to be a little more precise, right? because it's actually looking at the exact parameters that it can put in there. And let's actually compare these two system prompts. Cuz if we look at this one, it explicitly has the tools and then it even shows the required parameters, right? Very, very detailed, right? And then goes in interaction guidelines, a lot of specifics. And look how look how detailed this kind of like tool stuff it puts in here, right? really goes into like the actual fields that need to be filled out. Now, compare this to when we just spoke to it in plain English, right? Hey, you can create new calendar events, right? It's very like general highlevel stuff compared to this. That is super super nitty-gritty. So, for this one, we're going to use this sort of system prompt. And if you wanted to go back to the email agent, you could do the same thing. I just kind of wanted to show you the two different ways you can approach creating system prompts because system prompts are really, really important, right? This is how everything works. So, we want the best system prompts we can get all the time. All right, now that we copy pasted this system prompt in there, let's actually go through it and see if it makes sense. So, it's saying assume current date and time is, and this is red. And if you look here on the right, it'll show it as undefined, which means it's trying to like call or map to some sort of variable. It's not working. So, it wants the current date and time. And we can just put that in ourselves, right? So, we're just going to do double curlies. Um, and then we're going to do now. Double curlies. There you go. So, assume the current date and time is now. Use this as a reference, right? Core responsibilities. And here it's going through calendar management, contact management. Goes through the logic. Then it goes through the tools and how to actually use them. Da. Assume a default duration is an hour. Description for the event. example summary, right? Required parameters. We like that. And let's see if there's anything other that's also like red in here, right? Because we don't want it to have data that just like doesn't exist. So again, here's the current date and time thing. Um, remember to replace current date and time iso. That's okay because it's telling it, hey, there's going to be something in the parameters that you need to replace. It doesn't actually need to know what that is. Now, uh, dot dot dot dot. All right, this looks pretty good. So, let's actually test this out now and see how it goes. We'll save it and then let's test it and see what we need to troubleshoot. Right, so it told us, hey, just confirm. We didn't give it a duration. Um, so let's actually go back in here and just add a duration to it. And we'll just say, so let's add 1 hour duration. And then let's just add um don't ask for any confirmations. Just execute. And we're just putting that there because we don't have a chat window to actually go back and forth with it. So we're going to hit save, go back, test the workflow, and boom. Hits the model, hits the event, and then says your calendar event for the gym has been created today. If you need anything else, let me know. Well, what do the log say? Well, it says it created the event. Let's actually go into my calendar to see if it worked. So, here's the event it created, right? Did today 6:00 to 7:00 p.m. It's the gym, but we didn't give it a location. We didn't give it a title or anything like that. So, this is just what it looks like, which bare bones, but that will work for now. So, let's go back into the calendar agent. One thing I did notice in that event when we created, we didn't have it have a title. So, we want to have our events include a title. We're just going to go down to additional fields, go to summary, do define by the model, and now when we ask it to create an event, it's going to include a summary. Now, let's test out an event with attendees. So, if I go to create event with attendees, do we have everything in here we want? Well, like we saw before, we didn't have a uh title before. So, we're going to add that. We're just going to add summary. And anything else you want to do here, again, if you want to have it do the location, all that stuff, you can put that in there. But this will do for now. And so we added a couple stuff. We're going to save it. And now let's run a task where we include attendees. So let's update the query for that. Create a calendar event for the gym today at 6:00 p.m. We'll do 8:00 p.m. We'll say invite penny. 1 hour duration. Don't ask for confirmation. So save it. Now let's test it. Right. Looks like we got an error on the contacts. Click in there. Hey, it looks like I had it in the wrong account. And you'll also see the query wasn't filled, right? So, fill that out. Test it again. And boom. Hits the model, hits the contacts, hits create event with attendees, and let's see if it worked. All right. Says calendar event for gym today, 31st, 8 to 9. Penny has been invited. Oh, we'll see about that. Let's take a look. So, here's the event it created. It's got the correct title. It's got the time and it invited Penny. Awesome. So, our calendar agent is now complete. And again, you can add more and more tools. And as you saw, these are super customizable, right? Like just in the additional fields below, there's so many things you can add and play around with. So, feel free to mess with this to your heart's desire. So, let's now go back to our main agent and connect this tool. And we're going to search for calendar agent demo. And now he's all set. So the last tool we're going to do is going to be our research tool. And this one's going to be pretty easy because we're not actually going to create a new workflow to do this one. We're just going to be doing an HTTP request. And we're going to be using tavly.com. Now what is Tavi? Tavi is basically like Google but for large language models, right? It's like perplexity. It's Google with AI. And so to do that, we're going to go to tavly.com. So here's tavi.com. You're going to create an account. It's free. It'll take you a few seconds, right? We're going to go with Google. And here we are. Now, what I really like about Tavi is we get a,000 free credits every single month. That turns out to be anywhere between like 250 to probably like 800 requests, which is pretty good. Um, a lot of variance there because you can really play around with like how deep do you want it to do research. And right up front, this is our API key. So, just have that ready to go. But we're going to come to the left and we're going to look for the documentation because this is going to tell us how we need to set up our HTTP request to get this actually working. We're going to go to quick start and then right here on the curl part, you're going to hit copy. We're then going to go back to the HTTP request, go to import curl, paste this in there, and everything's pretty much set up for us. Now, we just need to fill in a few parameters. So first things first, we're going to rename this to internet research tool description. Call this tool to conduct internet research. This uh bear tavally dash thing. That's where the API key is going to go. So it's going to be space. Come back to Tavi. Copy paste it. There we go. That's our API key. I'll delete mine after. Don't worry. Now, we have some JSON we need to figure out. So, for the body, what do we want to put here? So, this is the query. Like, what are we actually going to be putting into like Google search or Tavly search in this case? Well, we're not going to ask who's Leo Messi. We're going to have the AI figure it out. Now, there's a few more parameters we can add here, and I'm going to show you how to do it. So, we're going to go to add parameter. We're going to do search depth. We're going to do advanced, right? So, all this search stuff advanced does, it just gives us a little bit better results. It costs a little bit more credits, but you got a thousand to burn every single month, so it's not too big of a deal. So, we're going to go back. Okay, now we essentially have all the tools connected that we want for our AI agent personal assistant. The only thing left to do is what is our system message. And similar to before, what do we want to do? We want to tell the system, hey, here's the tools available. Here's how I want you to use them. And again, let's lean on AI for this. What did I write? I wrote, I need a comprehensive system message for an AI agent in NAN that acts as a personal assistant. This AI agent has the following tools: calendar tool, email tool, internet research tool, and think tool. We'll add the think tool after this. I want the agent to figure out what the user is asking for and then route it to the correct tool. So, here's a system message it gave us. Now, why didn't we do what we did before where we downloaded the JSON and threw it in there? Well, this orchestrator agent, it's actually not as complicated as the sub agents beneath it to a certain extent, right? It's kind of just routing it, right? It needs to be smart enough to know where to route it, but it's not really executing anything, right? It's not actually sending stuff to Gmail. It doesn't have to worry too much about parameters and all that sorts of stuff. So, let's copy paste this and see how it works. So, we put it in there. Let's swap to expression. Let's blow it up. And then again, good rule of thumb, um, current date time is that. There we go. Let's go back. Let's go back. Let's save it. And now let's put it through its paces. Let's open the chat and let's do stuff one by one. So let's do can what's the latest Nvidia news hits memory hits chat model hits the internet research tool and should come back with the response. I'll make this a little bigger. All right. And it comes back gives us some of the latest news about Nvidia. Great. Let's have it. Now let's actually take that news it just gave us and send that off to someone. Can you send that same news? Then you email that same news to Chase. So, it's got to remember the conversation. It's got to then package that all up, call the email tool, hit the contact, and send it off. So, it looks like it hit the email tool. And it's asking, "Hey, found two possible email addresses for Chase." Um, hey. Yeah, send it to Chase. And again, my name is also Chase. So, I'll make this a little bigger. So, what happened there? Right. So, it said his two possible email addresses. Which one would you like me to send it to? Could you provide your name? So, the email agent should have known that my name was Chase. But as you do these tests, you might notice like, hey, maybe I should add my name to this top level email agent and just kind of have some built-in redundancies. So, it says it was sent. So, let's check our email. And so, we see, hey, it sent the email, signed off, best chase, and did the highlights. Cool. So, how would we actually troubleshoot if something went wrong here, though, right? Because if I click into here, it's not always going to tell you what's going on. But if you do click into here, you'll see these links that say view subexecution blah blah blah blah blah. What that is going to do is it's going to take you to that subworkflow, take you here to the executions page where then you can see like the history of what actually happened. And this is super useful when stuff goes wrong and you need to begin troubleshooting because now I can look at essentially historical data and be like, "All right, what happened here?" If I click into here and so when we look at the logs, we can then go through and just like we saw before, what actually happened here? In this case, it all worked fine, but something went wrong. This is kind of the path you would go down to like figure out, all right, what do I need to fix? So, there you have it. You now have your own personal assistant AI agent that can send emails, create calendar events, research the internet, and all you got to do is talk to it. Um, the one thing we forgot to do was add a think tool, right? Super easy. Um, but yeah, the biggest thing I hope you got away from this was being able to internalize how to kind of set up the AI agent infrastructure, right, of having this orchestrator agent at the top, setting up these different tools that you create in separate workflows and you call on them. And also, you should start to think of how modular it all it all is, right? Like we have that email tool and we have that calendar tool and we could attach that to all different sorts of AI agents that we build in the future. And so now the next step is taking this AI agent and moving outside of NAND with how we interact with it, right? Because doing this chat message, it works just fine. But you don't want to have to open up Nad every time you use this, right? You want to be able to use this for real out in the real world. And so the way we're going to use that is via Telegram. So you can actually interact with this agent on your phone or on the computer, wherever you're at. All right. All right. So to get this AI agent hooked up to Telegram, you can either do this through the Telegram app on your phone or you can do it through the Telegram desktop app. All of them are free. So once you create an account on Telegram, you're going to come to this and you're going to search for the bot father and we're going to start a conversation with this guy. So we'll just hit start at the bottom and he's going to give you all of these different um things you can do. What we want to do is we want to create a new bot. So, we're just going to do forward slash newbot. Then we need to give it a name. So, we're going to call this um agent demobot. Name it whatever you want. You also have to give it a username. So, I'm going to call it agent demo botbot. It's going to have to be something that has been used before. And then it's going to give you a link to actually start the chat with your bot. You also need to take note of this HTTP API token, right? So, we need this token and we need to start the new chat. So, you can click on this and that'll start the chat with your new bot. There'll be a little start button at the bottom or you're going to have to do like back slash or forward slash start. And now our bot is up and running. So, once we hook up the NADN mode, we're just going to talk to our AI agent through this chat. So, go back to the bot. We want to have this token ready to go. So go ahead and copy paste that. Come back in here. We're going to get rid of the chat message trigger. So delete that. Our new first step is going to be Telegram. And we're going to do the on message trigger. Now we need to create a new credential. We're going to call this the um AI demo telegram. And then that access token. What is the access token? That's the one we just com we just copied and pasted from the bot father conversation. So go ahead and hit save connection was tested successfully. Awesome. And what you can do now is have that chat up with your new bot and then I want you to just say, "Hi, how's it going?" Put that in there and then do test step on this page and it should pull it in. Right? We see the message ID, the to the from the chat, and then the actual text. Right? So now it's actually getting the information from what we tell it. So go to the top right and pin that data and then connect it to your AI agent. Now what do we have to do? Well, remember before how we had to change the source of the prompt, but we're going to have to do that again. So we're going to go to define below and we're just going to drag in the text. So now the prompt is just whatever we tell it. Now the next thing we have to do is we need to edit the simple memory. So the simple memory before it was going off of a session ID from the chat window. And similar to when we change the prompt we have to do divine below. And now we're going to drag in the key. Now the key in this case is just going to be the chat ID. So on the lefth hand side underneath chat drag in the ID. And then the contact window length is however long we want it to be. We can even switch this to like 10 in this case. So, let's save it. And the next thing we have to do is we want the responses to also go to Telegram. So, we're going to hit plus. We're going to do Telegram. And we're going to do chat actions. Get a chat. Or no, actually, we'll do message actions. And we're looking for send a message. Where are you? There it is. Send a text message. So, make sure you have the correct Telegram. I have way too many Telegram bots in here. Message, send message, chat ID, text, reply markup. Now, what will this text be? That's going to be the eventual response. So, we're going to have to run a test. The chat ID, we'll get that as well in a second. So, what I want you to do is go ahead and hit test workflow. Uh, but what is the reason? Yeah. So, here's what we're going to do. We're going to take that off. Do test workflow. We'll see. Hey, it actually hit the model correctly this time. Gave us an output. Now we can connect this guy and start mapping some stuff. So chat ID, what's the chat ID going to be? Well, same thing as it was before. Drag that in there. And then the text is going to be that output. We have some additional fields we could do. Yeah, I don't want the NN attribution to be there. And other stuff is available as well, but you can keep this as is. Now, if you hit test step, you should get a response inside of your Telegram, right? We said, "Hey, how's it going?" And he's like, "Hey, I'm here. How can I help you?" So, what have we just done? Well, what we've just done is we just hooked up our AI agent to a messaging app on your phone or on your computer. You can now tell your phone, Telegram on your app, chat with this AI agent. It's going to send emails, do research, get events from your calendar, all that all from your phone. And that was super easy to set up. So now let's actually test it. So come in here to the Telegram trigger, unpin that data. Then I want you to just um save and refresh this page. Then bring up Telegram and tell it to do some sort of task, right? I said um I want you to send an email to Chase Hanigan asking what's up. Send it. Come back into here. Hit test workflow. And now you should see it execute all the correct text. Okay, so we told our AI agent via Telegram to send an email to Chase Hannigan asking what's up. But it came back and it told us it'd be happy to help, but it wanted to know the email. Now we know the email tool and calendar tool have access to the contact database for you, the Google contacts API. So what should we do here? Should we give it the email? No. What we should do here is obviously there's some sort of like misstep when it comes to the logic, right? We want it to just pass the contact name and it can get the email down there. So, what we'll do so we can avoid this in the future is just edit the system prompts. And it doesn't have to be a crazy edit. We're just going to put up top here, hey, the calendar tool and email tool have the ability to access emails. You only need to pass the contacts name to them. So, let's see if with that update, we can get it to actually work. So, I'm going to save it one more time, refresh this guy, and I'm going to ask our bot the same thing. send an email to Chase Hanigan asking what's up. So, send it, test it, and let's see what happens this time. So, hits the memory, and hey, this time it's just going to pass the email tool. And you have to understand like when it comes to these AI agents. Oh, that was pretty quick. Let's take a look. Here's the draft to Chase Hanigan. Here's the email subject body. Would you like me to send this email now or make any changes? No. Is it good? Send it off. All right, test workflow again. And all right, says it was sent. Let's confirm again inside of our email. And hey, hey, Chase, what's up? Best Chase, we got the email. All right, sweet. We now have our AI agent working with a Telegram system, which is pretty cool. and that interaction you saw where all of a sudden it started asking us for the email on this level of the AI agent versus just passing it right away. Those sort of things are just going to pop up. When that happens, often times the answer is just some sort of subtle system prompt tweak to get it working the way you want. Now, let's take it a step further. I don't want to just be able to type on Telegram to my AI agent. I want to be able to actually talk to it via voice. I want it to be able to take my voice inputs, translate that into text, and then execute things on my behalf. So, let me show you how to do that now. But before we do that, let's have a quick talk about Telegram security because the way it stands is anybody could actually message my agent demo bot if they knew the name on Telegram and actually start having my AI agent execute things on their behalf, even if they aren't me. Now, how can we avoid that? How can we add some sort of like very basic authentication so that my AI agent, no matter who's talking to it, only responds to requests from me? Well, it's going to be pretty easy. So, what we're going to do is we're going to add some logic here. We're going to do an if node and we're going to have it only send messages to our AI agent if the ID of the person talking to it matches our ID. And what is our ID? Well, we're going to take this from ID. Put that here. We're going to do number is equal to. And then you're just going to paste in that same number. Oops. So it's saying, hey, is the from identification equal to this number and this number is tied to you? If yes, continue setting the message. If no, then once you set this up, you can back up. There's a false path and we're going to have it just do nothing, right? So, if someone tries to, you know, message my AI agent and they're not me, nothing will happen. But if it is me, it'll work just fine. And you can test that by just testing the step and you'll see it pushes it through. Cool. Now, let's add that voice capability. So, to get this started, I want you to open up Telegram. And then I want you to send a voice memo. So, you're just going to hold on the microphone and you're going to say, "Hey, what's up?" We'll see here. It got the message and let's see what it sounds like and you're going to say, "Hey, what's up? phone. So, it got the message. Now, come into here and do test step. And what you should see here is there's now some information about voice, right? It has a duration, the file ID, file, unique ID, all that stuff. We're going to pin this data because now we're going to start working with the actual voice message. So, same logic will apply with this if node. You can test that as well. Just click that there. Little little play button. And the next thing we're going to do is we're going to add a switch node because we want to be able to do text and voice and it's going to go down a separate route depending on which one it is. So the first routing rule will be for voice. So we're going to scroll down and we're going to go voice file ID. Map that in there. So you're going to go to string exists. It exists. Great. And this we're going to rename to voice. And then we're going to have a text path. We're going to have to manually type this in. So you're going to do double curly brackets dollar sign JSON dot message text and that'll be expression and I'm going to do the same thing string exists. Now if it does exist it's going to go down the text path. We can then back out of that. And so what we're going to have to do is we're going to have to download the voice file, transcribe it, and then send it to the AI agent. So we're going to go to Telegram. We want to get a file. Um let's execute previous nodes to see it. So make sure you're on the right um credential and then the file ID is going to be that voice ID. So file ID right here. Download it. Test the step. And then we'll see that right here. Next we want to transcribe it. So you'll hit plus sign transcribe. There will be an open AI node and there's going to be a transcribe a recording. Don't have to touch anything here. Just hit test step and you'll see it transcribed the recording. That's going to automatically come into here. Next, let's finish up this text path in the event you were actually to put in some text. So, we're going to hit plus. We're going to do a set fields node. So, we're going to call this text. And then the value is going to be um just what we typed in before. JSON message.ext. So that's what it should look like. Manual mapping text string JSON message.ext. It'll be grayed out. And you just back out. And then you can go ahead and connect that to our agent. Now you might be asking yourself, why did we do that? Why did we go in here and set this to text? Well, because over here, what's coming out here is also text. That way, whether the text comes from here, the text comes from here, this prompt is always going to be the same thing, which we have to change, right? It's no longer going to be JSON message.ext. It's simply going to be JSON.ext. And it's always JSON.ext, whether it comes from up top, the transcription, or it comes from the bottom, just the plain text we send it. It's always going to end up being the same prompt according to the system. And so now, let's save it. Refresh it. You're going to pull up your uh telegram and then just give it some sort of voice memo. You can either tell it to do something or just ask it how's it going. Hey, how's it going? I'm going to test the workflow. Well, we'll unpin this first and then we'll test the workflow. Boom. Hit if hit the switch. But what happened here? Well, what happened here is there was some sort of error in the simple memory. So, we come into simple memory. Yeah, we had to switch this up real quick. And so, we just have to update this. We're going to go from JSON message. ID to this. So, this is essentially the same thing, but because the trigger has got changed, there's more stuff got in between there. It's going to have to look like this. Obviously, this will be in the school, but double curies dollar sign Telegram trigger item.json message chat. Ultimately, it's the same thing. So now let's go back. We'll test the workflow one more time. Let's send another message. Hey, how's it going? Boom. Goes through the if, hits the switch, downloads the file, gets transcribed, and then sends a message to us. So hello again. I'm doing well. How can I help you today? Cool. And if I did the same thing with text and then text and then tested the workflow, we see it go through the system, hits the edit fields, and we get essentially the same response. So we know both text and voice is now working. So with that, we're all done. In this video, we were able to create an AI agent from scratch that's able to send emails, execute calendar events, search the internet, and we are able to interact with it through voice and text, through Telegram. And I know this lesson was a beast, but I hope it gets you really excited about all the different things you can create with AI agents without using any code, without really being all that technical. And in the next iteration of this lesson, in the follow-on video, we're going to take it a step further with the voice and actually hook it up to something like 11 Lab, so you can have a running conversation with it, right? Not just a text and waiting for response. You can kind of go back and forth with it like a human. And then I'll show you how to actually put this on an interface on the web, right? We're going to create a website using Lovable and connect our AI agent through there as well. So, tons of cool things coming down the pipe. Let me know how this lesson worked for you. And as always, I'll see you

=== Insane N8N AI Automation Creates & Posts Instagram/TikTok Carousels! (Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzxdtDCZbNY

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to be showing you this AI workflow that I built inside of NADN that allows you to automatically make carousel posts inside of Tik Tok and Instagram. You, as a user, simply fill out a form to get it started. You tell it the concept or the topic of the post you want, the number of slides, the visual style of the images you want created, and then a general storyline. If you don't give it a general story line, the AI itself will actually create one for you. You hit submit and then you get a carousel like this one here that's automatically posted on both Instagram and Tik Tok which I think is pretty cool because if you've ever tried to do any sort of nan automations with carousel posting you know it's kind of difficult and often times you have to build automations that have a lot of stuff hardcoded and don't allow you to be very dynamic. And what I love about this one is it is dynamic. So it's a singular workflow that allows you to set multiple different types of carousels, right? whether that's three images, four images, or five images. And I'll show you how to change even that. And it's very dynamic in terms of the amount of content that we're putting in there, right? We set it on the form submission. It can always be different, but just based on the form, it's going to create everything we need. And so, taking a look at this example, you can actually see what it does. So, the first thing it does is it creates a base image, and then it obviously does the actual text on top that tells a story. And then for the follow- on images, it takes that base image and edits it, which allows us to have characters that are the same throughout the story, right? We don't get a different robot that looks way different on slide five than it does on slide one. Now, in this case, I would say it gets a little bit more blue at the end, but for all intents and purposes, this is the same robot and the same character that's present throughout our story. So, that's what the endgame of this build looks like. And now I'm going to take you through it module by module so you can recreate this on your own or grab the template from the school. Now this looks crazy at first, but I promise you it's not too bad. And in fact, a lot of this is taken up by what you see here at the bottom, which is the different ways we post it to Instagram and Tik Tok. And then the one thing I want to point out right at the beginning is all these places in red. These are the places where if you're using the template, you're actually going to have to go in and edit some things. And by edit some things I just mean put in your API key for open API and or openAI rather and then also put in your API key for upload post and your username. So upload post is the name of the service we're using to actually make these posts to Tik Tok and Instagram. So without further ado, let's get started and take a look at this thing. So in general, what's happening? Starting from the top, we put in that form submission which then goes here to the large language model which generates the image prompts and the captions for us. Right? And by captions, I'm talking about the actual words on the top of the page. And then from there, it has this initialized loop variables and the set API variables. And don't worry, I'll actually go into these soon. But essentially, what's going to happen is it's going to create dictionaries. Think of dictionaries as just an empty box. And as we go through this entire workflow, it's going to put images into that box, mainly the base image and then the edited images 2, 3, four, and five. So at the end, after it's cycled through all of them, it gets consolidated here in this code block and then sent off in different directions depending on how large we want that carousel to be, whether that's three images, four images, or five images. So a lot of what you see like in terms of complexity here is just managing those images, right? Because we have to have a base image and then we have to have image two which is based off of image one and image three needs to be based off image two, right? There's a lot of like referencing prior images and we need to find a place to actually put them as we mess with the data from all the follow on images but then create this carousel. Right? So there is a lot of complexity with this, but I think this workflow does a good job of kind of breaking it down and making it dynamic enough where you aren't stuck in certain pathways, namely like I can only do three images in my carousel or it can only be, you know, with these certain images, right? So I think this one gives you a lot of flexibility and as we go through it, I'll show you how to make it even more flexible. Now let's go into the modules one by one so you can understand what's happening. Just wanted to give a quick plug for my school where you can actually find the template for this exact workflow as well as a ton of others. I have guides on here for how to get started in NAN, how to create your first AI agent, rag agents, marketing agents, stuff specifically for business self-hosting. All of it can be found here in my school. We have a really engaging and growing community. So would love to see you there. So form submission. Let's take a look at this. So there's a few things that it's getting submitted, right? the concept and the topic, right? What are we going to talk about? The number of the slides. Right now, it's at the three, four, or five. And then a visual style, right? We did studio studio Giblly like an anime style, but you can do whatever you want. Then lastly, a general story line, which isn't a required field. If you don't put it in, the AI will figure it out for you. And then we see here what we did was a cute small robot learning how to create AI agents. Five slides, Gibly style, and then we gave it a general story line. Then from there that goes into a basic LLM chain where we generate the carousel prompts and so we feed it everything from that form submission right the concept slide style storyline all that and then down here we have our system prompt now this thing is pretty dense I didn't do this from scratch right I personally went to Gemini and told it what I was trying to do and what sort of system prompt I wanted it to create and this is what it came up with so it specifies what the user is going to provide and then it gives it its task Right. You need to generate exactly the requested number of image prompts. I give it the aspect ratio r ratio here. So it's 9 for 16. So it's made for Tik Tok and Instagram. Incorporate the yard style. It goes into stuff about the story line. And then here it says the output must be a single valid JSON object with a specific JSON structure. So all the image prompts for, you know, whether that's three, four, or five are all going to be under a prompts array item. And you'll see how we manipulate that going forward in a little bit. And then past here, I just give some examples of what I want the output to look like. And then I also give examples of prompts. We also require a specific output format here. And you'll see right here, we use the structured output parser. And so again, this is just giving it an example, right? I want all the prompts this way in a prompts array. And then beyond that, I want it to also hold on to the topic, the style, and the slides. And so we see that here in this output on the right hand side. So you'll see we have the prompts array all five of them in one item. And then below that the topic, the style and the slide. Next we come here to we have a set fields and we're calling this an initialized loop variables. And we have this mode set to JSON. And so you'll see here in the expression we have our prompts array. Right? Remember these are all the prompts we're going to be using all five of them in one item. And then you'll also see which is important here is the loop index on the right hand side generated photo binaries and then we also have something for current image key for next edit which is image for edit. Now what's happening there? Well let's talk about the loop index first. So we need this loop right backing out real quick. We need this loop you're seeing right here kind of on the second part to happen a certain amount of times. And that's going to be determined by how many slides we want in our carousel. And so we start that by essentially starting a counter. And we start that counter at zero, which is what we're doing here on the initialized loop variables module. Next, you'll see generated photo binaries. And we have an empty dictionary. Now, if you don't know what a dictionary is, just think of it as an empty box. And the photo binaries are the images that are created, right? So eventually we're going to have five images sitting inside this box that we're going to push to Instagram and Tik Tok. But this gives us a place to put it. And then this for current image key for next edit. That's going to become important when we're taking images or follow on slides, right? For like slide two, slide three and actually doing an image edit, right? Because the API call we make to OpenAI is different if you're having it generate an image from scratch versus when you give it an image to edit, right? So that first base image is going to be from scratch that has no sort of reference. And all the following images are going to be edits of the previous one. So we can keep the characters in it the same. So that's what that's doing, right? Form submitted. We generate the prompts. Now we're starting a counter and we're giving oursel boxes to put our images in. Over here we have the description. Now this is just doing description for like Tik Tok and Instagram, right? Um and we just have this off to the side. That way later down the line down here, right before we send it off to Instagram and Tik Tok, we can then reference that. So that's why it's kind of just off on its own. Next, we have some API variables. So number of images, that's the number of images that's going to be created for each slide. So image two, we're only doing one image with image two, right? I don't need three. I don't want to confuse it. So here we're just going like images, sizes, all this stuff. You shouldn't have to touch any of this, although we make sure to include other input fields and all because we want this information to be passed on throughout the workflow. So now is where we start generating images in this workflow. And so on this one, obviously, you need to update it with your own API key. We come in here, it's going to be an HTTP request because NN doesn't have one set up yet for the um GPT image gen API. So um just do credential type open AAI open AI and then coming down here to the JSON. What we're passing is the model the prompt the amount of images the size and the output format. Um so all this stuff is coming from those uh API um variables we set before. In the prompt you'll see here JSON prompt arrays JSON.loop index. You see that loop index? That's how it knows which ones to call. Since it's the first one, the loop index is on zero. It's going to grab that first prompt for us. And we see that on the right hand side. So it generates the image, but we have all this data alongside that's getting passed into here, right? So we want to separate that image out. That's what this thing is doing. So we can just pull out the image that's created, but we need to convert it, right? We need to convert it so we can actually look at it. And that's what the convert to file is doing. And so this way when I hit view, I can actually see the image that's created. Otherwise, if we don't have this, you'll see it over here on the lefth hand side where it says B64_JSON. It's just a series of numbers and letters that goes on for damn near infinity and you can't do anything with, right? So we need to convert this file so we can actually look at the image. We need to convert it to binary. So that's what's happening up on this first hand part, right? We're just setting the stage for everything and we're creating that first base image. Now, we feed this to a merge node here because there's no way to keep the data alongside the image once it's converted. So, what I'm saying is this this file right here, this convert to file one. All it has is the image, right? But we still want stuff like what loop index are we on, what are the prompts going to be, what's the story line, etc., right? And all that stuff is over here in the set API variables node. So, we merge this. So, we have all the data from here plus the image to move forward. So this kind of then takes us to phase two which is doing all the follow on edited image. And so we have a code block right here. And so what's happening in this code block are two big things. The first thing is it's taking that first image we've created that binary image and it's putting it inside of that binary images directory we made earlier. Right? Remember this guy, the initialized loop variables where I said we were creating a box that we're going to put images in. Well, this code block takes the image we hit up here and puts it in the box for us to use later. The other thing it does is it then hits the loop counter. So now we're going from zero to one. And you'll kind of see that similar thing repeated here in this loop. So next we hit this if module which is where we're then going to go into phase two where we're doing the edited images. Now this should look super similar, right? This stuff here on the bottom is basically a carbon copy of the stuff on the top. The difference is, like I mentioned before, we're now using that edit images API, which is referencing an image before we send it to OpenAI to actually create the new one. So that's why it's a little different, but in like high level, it's pretty much the exact same thing. So in this node, we're just setting certain variables, right? Like here's the loop index, here's a different image you're going to use, and here's the prompt that it needs. Then from there comes here, right? You'd have to update this with your OpenAI account, but similar to before, hey, here's the model, here's the prompt, here's the parameter type, etc., etc., etc. And we also have here moderation to low. I weirdly a couple times had OpenAI like stop the workflow saying it was like a moderation thing as if the content was violating some sort of thing. Even though this is, as you saw, um, very PG images. Your results may vary. I threw it in there. Didn't have any problems, but that's why that's there. And so, hey, it's going to recognize based on the loop counter, which promptly used, rates the image just like before. Separate the image out, convert it to binary, so we can view the new image. From there, it goes with the merge node, right? Remember this just has the image, but we still want the data from here, which then goes to this code block, which remember just like this code block is doing two things. It's putting that picture, right, that binary file into that dictionary we created up here. So that's one more image in our little image box that's going to go to Instagram or Tik Tok. And then it's hitting that loop counter again, right? So we start at zero. Now we're on one. And then it goes back and it hits this if note again. And what is the if note checking? It's checking that loop index. And so it's making sure that the loop index is always less than the amount of prompts we're giving it. Um, that seems kind of confusing. It's because our loop index starts at zero, doesn't start at one. But all we need to know is this is essentially checking do we have as many images created as prompts we were asked for. And if no, we're going to keep looping till we get it. And once we have enough images, we're going to stop this loop and we're going to come down here where we actually post the image. Then we come down to this code block, the consolidate images. So what's it essentially doing here? Well, it's you can kind of see here on the right, it's grabbing all those images that were in our dictionary before, right? And it's putting them all in one place. So, you see we now have five photos, right? We can view them all, etc. And then it's grabbing the captions and essentially pulling it into the same space as all these images. Remember those captions that I talked about earlier up top here, right? This is getting referenced all the way down here alongside that whole image dictionary being p put all together here in this code block. And then we're pushing it out to Instagram, Tik Tok, um, or the actual carousel. Now, we hit this switch. And as you can see here, there's three places it goes to. Either it's a three image carousel, a four image carousel, or a five image carousel. Unfortunately, there wasn't a super elegant solution that at least I could come up with where this just went to one place and it was able to dynamically figure out whether you wanted three, four, five, seven, 10 images in your carousel and so it would look nice and neat. So instead, we got kind of this ugly switch system where then it goes to these different places. Now, why is that? Well, you look into here. Here's how it works. So, first of all, things you're going to need to change your API key, and we'll look at um upload post here in a second. You also need to change this, your actual username. You also get that from upload post. But as you'll see here, you see how it says photos, photo one, photos, photo two, photos, photo three. Each of these has a different amount, right? So these all have three photos. These have four. These have five. I couldn't find a way to have that dynamically change inside the module itself, which is why you see this. So say you wanted six image carousels. Well, you would go to switch right here. You would add a routing rule. You would change this. So you would just copy this. Um you would do number if that is equal to six, right? And then you would come over here. You would copy paste all this. Oops. That looks nice. And you would drag this over here into here. And you would edit these. See how it's goes to four. You would add a parameter. Take that to five. Take that to six. So that's how you would edit it yourself to increase the amount of options you have here. But for this template and for this video, we just have it for three, four, and five. Um, but that's why it's built that way. Now, let's actually look at these things. So, like I said, API key, update, all that. And all this stuff is just going to be referencing like the captions that we created before and the actual photos in the correct order. There's not too much you actually have to do here or touch. And same thing for Tik Tok. It's virtually the same. Um, for this same exact deal. And then right here, we just have this if thing. So, this is kind of just like some error handling. If everything goes well, it's just going to come here to true and nothing happens. You could change it to some sort of like alert, right? This could be an email. This could be Telegram. This could be whatever where you get some sort of notification that it's posted because to go through this entire workflow with five images is going to take you like four or five minutes just because of how long it takes to generate them. For the false one here, if you're on the free plan of upload post, 99% of the time it's going to work. Every once in a while you'll sometimes get an error with Instagram, not as much with Tik Tok. If that happens, usually if you just try it again, it'll work right away. So this does one more attempt to get it to post if there was some sort of error. So that's what you see here with this false loop. So if it posts successfully, you'll see an output like this where it just says results Instagram success. You'll also see down here in the usage if you're on the free plan where it says how many times you've used up your credits for the month. So you get 10 free uploads per month. And right now on this particular run, we were at seven with that account. And now let's take a look at upload post so I can kind of show you where everything is. So here's a look at upload post. Um, in terms of pricing, again, they have a free plan. You get 10 free uploads a month, but they also have this basic professional dance, right? Just depends on how often you're actually posting. Now, to actually hook up your accounts, you're going to go to manage users up top. You're going to find the platform you want to connect. Click on the account and just follow the directions to connect your account. It's pretty simple. And then to get your API key. Oh, also this is your username. So here it says Chase AI test. If we're inside of here, um this is what h this is where you put your username. So make sure you do that. But uh API keys, just hit API key. You'll find it up here as well as some users instructions. So there you have it, guys. That's the carousel for Instagram and Tik Tok kind of broken down in terms of how you can make this a little bit better. Again, maybe some of you are better than me and can come up with a better solution for this kind of mess, but this is the only thing I was able to figure out. So, that would be one place to make it better. Um, other places to make it better would be figuring a way to improve the prompts. Right. Right now, it kind of just does a storyline on its own accord. You could probably add something in here like cavly web search and you know if you wanted a more like educational bent like really have some good story lines that are like educational and like researchbacked and you could totally do that here right just by adding a tablet tool and messing with the system prompt a bit. Um those are the biggest things or adding more socials right adding something like LinkedIn would be another good one to do the carousels. So let me know what you think. Again, I was really excited about this one cuz the carousel stuff is kind of a pain in the butt and it's hard to find one like this that is dynamic and that you can play with and actually gives you a good product. So, um, let me know how you enjoy it and I'll see you

=== This AI Agent ANALYZES STOCKS! (n8n Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GP9tGaWfcs

Okay, can you do some analysis on Tesla's stock for me? Let's see what it gives us. Okay, looking pretty good. Got the overall summary, quantitative snapshot, gives us the chart inside of here, and then goes into the detailed technical analysis, the qualitative context, and how it all combines. Sweet. Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to create an AI agent in NAN that can analyze any stock you want. We're going to do technical analysis on charts we grab from chartimage.com. We're going to do sentiment analysis via Tavly by scraping the web for relevant news articles. And then we're going to combine it all together to give you an output that actually makes sense. Okay, so let's jump into it. So the first thing we're going to build is that AI agent base because remember we're going to have two different tools that we're going to call. we're going to call the Tavly tool to do kind of like that sentiment analysis. And then we're going to have the actual stock analyzer tool that's doing the technical analysis. And that's all going to be coming into here. This is where it's all going to get synthesized and give us that final output. So for the chat model, what I'm going to use, I'm going to use OpenAI and we're just going to use 4.1. Now for memory, we'll just keep this super basic. We're just going to do simple memory. And then when it comes to the actual trigger, we're just going to be doing this inside of the NAN chat. Now, you could do whatever you want with this, right? You could hook this up to some sort of front end you build in the lovable. You could have this be an agent tool itself, right? You could have this connected to another larger agent. But just for this guide, we're going to be using the chat message. So, next we're going to have our two tools, right? The Tavly and the stock tool. So, for the Tavi tool, that's just going to be an HTTP request. But the stock tool and that's what we'll work on first. That itself is going to be a separate workflow. So for that we're going to do call Nit workflow tool. We're going to call this the stock tool. And then for the description we'll say call this tool to conduct technical analysis. Now uh we haven't created the workflow yet but eventually we'll be able to choose it from the list. So, let's also rename this um stock agent. And now we're going to save this workflow and we're going to open up another workflow. And that's where we're going to build out the stock tool. Okay. So, the first step is going to be when executed by another workflow. We're going to do accept all data. And as always, we're going to put in some mock data here. So, we can delete this part. We can delete this. Delete that comma. and we'll just do the query and we're going to put in some sort of ticker here, right? So, for this example, we're just going to do Tesla. Save that. And it's going to pin it. All right. Next, we're going to do an edit fields because we're just going to um we're going to set that ticker as a variable. So, we're going to map Tesla into here and we're just going to call this ticker. That way down the line and throughout the rest of this automation, we can just refer to it as ticker. So we can test the step and we'll see, hey, ticker now shows as Tesla. And let's pin that data as well. And now the next thing we need to do is actually go ahead and grab the chart that we're going to do for our analysis. And that's going to require an HTTP request. So now before we fill all this module out, we're actually going to go to chart-image, which is the website that's going to give us our charts. So here we are inside of chartimage.com. You're going to go ahead and just create an account. And once you're signed in, you'll see all the different stuff that's available to you in terms of a subscription. So, all we need for this, we're just going to be using the basic plan for this, which is free. We can get 50 calls a day. It's going to have a watermark on the chart itself, but if this is something you want to scale up, you can see your options. Also, you can get your API key here. So, just have that handy. Next, we're going to go to API documentation up top. Okay. So, here we are inside of the API documentation and chart image. And there's actually a lot going on here, but I'll show you what you want to be looking at. So, over here on the left hand side, we're going to go to Trading View Snapshot V2. And what you're going to see here is all the different things you can pass in that HTTP request, right? All the different parameters that you can put. These are kind of the big ones right here. So, what I'm going to show you is a certain example, but this is where you can go ahead and look and be like, "Okay, well, I want a different time frame, or I want the chart to be different height and width, or I want to be a different time zone." This is where you can look and see what your options are and how you can customize this for your own stuff. And on the right hand side, what you're going to see is some examples of different sorts of charts and what the requests would look like. So, if we go ahead and look at something like this, like this Microsoft MACD chart, we'll see here on the bottom below everything you would need to put into an HTTP request to get this same sort of looking chart, right? So, if I wanted this, this is what my request would have to look like. And so, this is the one we'll play around with as an example. And then I'll show you how inside of Nadn you could actually manipulate the different parameters. But to start, you're going to come down here and we're going to copy this curl request. So you can go ahead and just either copy it manually or do copy to clipboard. And then we're going to go back inside of here. You're going to go to import curl and you're just going to paste all that in. And you can get this, delete that part at the top if you want. You're going to do import. And then you'll see it just filled out a bunch of stuff for us. So what do we need to change here? Well, first thing up top, you're going to do back slash storage. This way, we can actually store the image. And then you're going to replace this with your actual API key. And once you have the API key in there, here is where we can actually change stuff inside of our request. So, we're going to switch to expression. And then I'm going to blow this up so you can see it. Now, the first thing we're going to want to change, right, is the symbol, right? We don't necessarily want Microsoft. We want this to be dynamic based on what we put in to our agent. So we're going to map this ticker here. So now it says NASDAQ Tesla. And if I told the agent Microsoft, it would have been NASDAQ Microsoft. And then we have some other uh other stuff here, right? Volume, the name of the chart we're looking at, the signal line with the color. Understand we could change all this and make all this stuff dynamic, right? You could set up your agent where you put in like the ticker name, the name of the chart you want, you know, the interval, right? We can make all this dynamic as much as we want, right? So, you can really really customize it and this is where you're customizing it. And remember, right, if I wanted to change the name or I want to change the interval and I don't know what those could be changed to. Again, come back here to the API documentation and it will explain it to you. And if that's still too confusing, copy paste all this, throw it into chat JBD, throw it into Gemini, and start querying it that way. But this is what we're going to do to start. So the other thing we need to do is we want to go from response format file to JSON. Now, once you've done all that, let's test the step and see if it actually gives us the chart we want. Okay, so we see here on the top right, we got a URL. And just to confirm, let's copy and paste that into our browser. And cool, there's our chart. So the next step is going to be able to download that chart, do some analysis on it, and then send that back up to our main agent. All right, next step is going to be to actually download that image. So you're going to go do HTTP request. It's going to be get, and then the URL is just going to be mapped from here. So let's test that step. Did it get the chart? Take a look at the view. There we go. Now we want to pass that chart into some sort of AI so it can now do some analysis for us. So for that we're going to do basic LLM chain. We're going to do define below. We'll come back to what we'll put in that prompt in a second. Come down here to add prompt. Go to user. Message type is going to be image. It's going to be binary. And you can keep all that the same. Now, let's talk about this prompt because this is where you're going to actually make your money when it comes to the technical analysis on this chart. In this case, we're doing a MACD chart. So, I probably want a system prompt that is specific to that sort of analysis. If you are using a different kind of chart or a different time length, right? That's where you need to customize this. So, I'm going to show you how I came up with my system prompt and then obviously you can copy it from the template from the school as well. Right? So, here's a look at my system prompt for this. Right? It breaks it down into how I want to interpret certain elements, what the time frame is, and what I want the actual output to look like, but I obviously didn't come up with this myself. So, what I did is I went to Gemini, which is my favorite AI right now. And all I did was I said, "Hey, imagine you're an expert in prompt engineering. What should the prompt look like for the system prompt if we want the best possible analysis on a MACD chart?" And he gave me this. And honestly, it's been pretty good. It even gives reasons why it thinks the prompt is really good. So, just in general, it comes to system prompts. Go ahead and go to AI and see what it can build for you. And so, once we got that in there, uh, we're going to go ahead and test this step. And as always, I forgot to actually attach a model to this thing. So, we'll just back out real quick. Go to model. I'm going to use just 4.1 mini for this. And now, let's check it out. Okay, so we can see it gave us a pretty detailed output, which is good enough for now. And so next thing we do is we want to map some responses so it knows what to send back up to that main agent. So we're just going to go to edit fields. So once you're inside here, we're going to call this response and we're going to map both the output and we're going to map that uh image. So make sure you're taking that from the HTTP request one, that second HTTP request that actually downloaded it. And then you can test the step. Sweet. back out of here. We're going to save this and then we're just going to map that to that main agent. So, I just wanted to real quickly give a plug for my school community where you can get all the templates and more guidance on all the AI agents you see in my videos here. I also have even more videos that you can't find on YouTube, including stuff for marketing, AI agents for business, rag agents, and all sorts of stuff. Our community is growing rapidly, so would love to have you there. And if you're looking for a place to kind of level up in your AI agent game, check us out. There's a link down in the description. So here we are back with that orchestrator agent and now we've completed our stock tool. So we're going to come into here and we're just going to find it. So we should have stock tool demo which I got for me and we're all set. Next we're going to be using Tavi to actually do some sentiment analysis on the stock we're looking for. So we're going to start this out by going into the chat message and just putting in some fake data as always. So get rid of all this. We're going to call this query as well. And we're just going to put in whatever ticker you've been using. So in this case, we'll just put in. Save that. Next, come to tool, do HTTP requests. And here's we're going to fill out all the Tavly stuff. So we're going to go ahead and go to tavly.com. And tavly.com, if you've never used it before, it's a great web scraping web search tool for LLMs. And the best part is you get a,000 credits a month for free, which is great. and it refreshes every month. So once you log in, you'll have your API key right here. So have that handy. And then we actually need to fill this out, right? So come to documentation on the left. You're going to go to quick start. You're going to scroll down here. You're going to find curl. We're going to copy that. Jump back into here. Go to import curl. Paste that in there. And there we go. So let's rename this to Cavali tool. description. We'll say call this tool to conduct sentiment analysis on the slot. And now we just need to edit a couple things, right? So put your API key here. Next, we want to change the query. And for this, we're just going to have let the model define this parameter, right? So based on the conversation we have with our AI agent, it's going to intelligently decide on what to put for the query. And now we have a few more parameters we can add here. So we're going to do search depth. We're going to do advanced. Then we're going to do days. We're going to do seven. Now where did I come up with these parameters? Again, this was inside the Tavi documentation. Um, take a look around. There's a ton of different parameters you can play with. You can quite literally go here to the API playground and see which parameter does what. It gives an explanation and you can actually test it out here. But this will be enough for our purposes. So we're going to back out of that. And now comes the system prompt for our AI agent. Right? So this is going to be really important because you know we need a system prompt that tells it logically how to sip through the information how to send it to the tools and then how to synthesize it all together. And again what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to Gemini basically tell it exactly what I just told you and have it create some sort of system prompt for me. So here's what the system prompt looks like that it gave me, right? It explains what the inputs are going to be, what I want the process to be, right? I want you to identify the ticker. I want you to do some qualitative context and sentiment analysis with Tavi. Then I want you to do a deep dive into the technicals, combine it all together, and then give me some sort of output I can actually work with. You also note at the bottom, I also put in the time. And so here's me going into Gemini. I kind of gave it an example of what I was using already for assistant prompt. and I just kept going back and forth with it asking to give me something that was better. And again, this exact prompt is inside the template. And so once you put that in there, let's actually test this out. So we can go ahead and test that. And um of course I forgot something super simple. The actual simple memory. Uh looks like we have simple memory. So not sure why this is erroring out. So I'm just going to save this. Refresh it. We'll have some live troubleshooting. Um, we're just going to unpin this, right? And then let's actually just take it from the top and see how it goes. So, let's open up a chat message and we'll say we're literally just going to type in Tesla and see how this goes. So, we see it's hitting both the tools, which we love to do. It hit finished up with Tavi first and now it's going through the actual analysis with the stock tool. Now hopefully what we should see is a pretty robust output that includes either a link to the image or the image itself embedded in this response. Okay, let's take a look. Gives us an overall summary. Gives us a quantitative snapshot with like market cap and revenue. Actually embeds the chart into the response which is nice. goes into detailed technical analysis, qualitative context, great integrated outlook. Cool. And then even gives us the chart again at the bottom along with kind of like a final bottom line. So pretty good. We can go ahead and look through the logs and see how it did all this, right? We can see it went into Tavi. It the all we said was Tesla and the query it put in. Remember we had the AI figure that out. It said Tesla recent news, stock sentiment and analyst outlook. we can see its actual uh sources as well and what the content was. Then lastly, it went to the stock tool and it pushed this response into there. And then we can kind of see everything going into work, right? So this is the actual like last step and we can see the input that went into it. So you can see how it grabs the system prompt. You can see how it also gets this detailed like MACD analysis from our stock tool. You can see the image it passes and then we also see the Tavly tool. So, um that's nice to see. It's actually doing what we want it to do, right? It's taking both stuff. It's not just taking one and not the other. Um, and that's why I always with these kind of like robust multi-tool um, agents always go through the logs to make sure stuff is actually getting the data it's supposed to because if it wasn't, it could probably still give us a decent output that looks legit but isn't really really that great. And so, if you've followed up this far, like congratulations. You created a AI agent that's able to search the internet and do analysis on whatever stock you give it. Um, I'd continue playing around with it. go into that stock tool, mess around with the parameters as much to really customize it, and then just know you're really going to make your money in these system prompts, right? So, if you're not getting what you want from this, go into the system prompts, go back and forth with AI, and really, really customize it. So, um, yeah, as always, let me know how this worked for you and good luck.

=== The ULTIMATE No-Code Stack? Lovable + n8n for Web App Development ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J36ptC3QaOg

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to show you how to combine Lovable with Nadn so you can start creating web apps all on your own. So before we start building, let's really quickly go over what a front end is, what a backend is, and how they talk to one another. So a front end is just what you, the user, interacts with whenever you go to like a website or use a web app. So when I'm here inside of chat GBT, I'm looking at the front end right now. And if I were to ask it a prompt like what is the front end, right? that data I just gave it the prompt then gets sent to the back end. That's where all the code is. That's where all the calculations are done. It formulates an answer and then sends it back to the front end. And so we're going to be using Lovable to create our front end in this video. Now, if you've never used Lovable before, it's a really cool web app where you just prompt it just like you would any sort of AI LLM and it creates the website, the web app, the landing page for you. And so that's how we're going to do the front end. And then the back end, we're going to be using N8N. For this lesson, what we're going to do is we're going to pretend we're building a web app that creates cover letters for people. Right? So on the front end, it'll be some sort of form submission where the user shows up and say, "Hey, here's my name. Here's the company I'm trying to, you know, apply for. Here's the role, and here's some special information about me." Right? We're going to keep it really simple. If we did this for real, we'd have something where they could put their resume and all that. But just as a demo, that's what we're going to have. So they're going to fill out all that information on the front end that we build in lovable. That data is then going to be sent to the back end inside of NADN. So via a web hook, that data is sent from the web app to NADN, which is then going to take all that information, right? The name, the role, etc. And then it's going to generate that cover letter. Now, we're going to take it one step beyond that. We're going to add a Tavali um role here. So it's actually going to do some research about the company, do some research about the role. So we don't just get a super generic cover letter, but it's going to create that and then it's going to respond to the web hook, which then sends that data back over to the website we've created via lovable. So that's how those two things interact. And so while this is going to be a very simple demo today using this cover letter example, you can very quickly see how you could start building web apps or SAS applications with a very sophisticated N&m background and then pushing it to a lovable built front end. Right? We can do so much and create really cool applications without knowing how to code at all. So with that in mind, let's jump into it. We're going to start with the front end on Lovable, create something that we kind of like. Then we'll go into Naden, build out the back end, and then we'll go ahead and connect the two. So here we are inside of Lovable, and I just gave it a prompt that says, "Hey, we're building a web app that allows users to generate cover letters. It needs to include some sort of form submission where they enter name, company, role, and any interesting information about them that they would like to include." I also wrote that we're eventually going to hook this up to an end background for all the AI generation. And then in terms of what I want it to look like, I just said make it look beautiful. Be as creative as you want here. So once you do that, just hit enter and it's going to start building it for us. Okay, so here's what lovable built us. Uh just as a heads up for level. If you come up here on the top and you switch to dev mode, you can actually go inside of here and see all the code. You also have the ability to like connect to Superbase from here, push it to GitHub, all sorts of stuff. Now, I'll also say you have the ability to edit pretty easily. So, if you come here to the bottom left near the prompt, there's an edit button, and you can actually select which specific portions of this you want to change. So, um you also have a chat button here on the bottom left as well. So, you could actually talk to level without having it just like go off on its own and start coding. Nice addition because sometimes when you wanted just like a back and forth brainstorming session with it, you would say one thing, it would just go off and start coding and you have to be like, "Please don't code." Um, but now you can just do that. So that's how Leo lovable works real quick. But here we go. Here we are inside of our application. So let's hit get started and we see our form submission. So we give our name, the target company, position role, and then any additional information we want to share. So that's pretty much it for the front end, right? We got a landing page. We know we can do the form submission. What we're going to do now is go inside of NAN, build out the workflow there, and then we'll do some of the web hook stuff so we can actually get data moving back and forth. So, here we are inside of NAN. We'll build out the skeleton of our cover letter generator, and then we'll do some web hook stuff. So, first step, we're going to do web hook. And you can do for respond do when respond to web using respond to web hook node. And then since we'll do this later, we're just going to put some test data in here. So hit that button on the top right, the little pencil. We can delete this stuff. And then we're just going to put in like a pretend query, right, of information we've gotten before. So we'll say like um yeah name is name equals Chase um company we'll say equals open AI role equals software dev intern'll say info make up some sort of info I built a calculator app calculator admin right why are we doing this this is just so we can have some fake data that we can manipulate throughout the rest of the workflow. So, we'll hit save for our little fake data right here. Okay. Once we do that, next we're going to create the AI agent foundation. So, you'll do AI agent. We're going to create a chat model. So, come down here to the bottom right and we're just going to do 4.1 mini. It's pretty cheap. You don't have to worry about memory, but what we are going to do is we're going to add the Tavi tool. So, Tavi is a cool app that allows us to like scrape the internet and do like web search just like Google or Perplexity. Um, but I really like it because it gives you 1,000 credits for free. So, do HTTP request tool and then you're going to go to tavly.com. So, here's Tavi tavly.com. Log in and then you're going to see this page. If you click right here, you're going to have your API key copied. So, just be ready to use that. But first, go to documentation on the lefth hand side. Go to quick start. Scroll down and we're going to see this curl thing right here. So I want you to copy this. Go back into naden and then here where it says import curl just copy paste that in. And then boom we have pretty much all the parameters set up for Tavi. Just like that. So what you need to do is you need to come in here and replace this portion with your API key. So come back here, copy, paste that in there. I'll delete mine after this. And then here for the query, this is the actual like question we're going to be asking Tavi. Get rid of this. And you're going to hit this button on the right. This way the model determines what it's asking for. Last couple things. Come up here. Rename this to Tavly tool. And then description. We're going to say um conduct research for all right. Cool. Now we have our AI and we have our tool. Now we want to pop into here and for source for prompt we'll do define below. Pull in this query. And now we want to do the system message. So here's what we're going to explain. Here's the data you're going to get. Here's what I want you to do with the data. And here's what I want the output to look like. So we're going to say, hey, you're going to get a form submission with the name, the company, the role, and some extra information. You have access to the Tavly tool. I want you to use the tavite tool to do research on the company, the role before creating the cover letter. And lastly, I want you to create the cover letter. And you can add some more customization with that as you want, right? Say how you kind of want the tone to be, the length, all that stuff. Hey, so what I wrote was, you're an expert in cover letter creation. You'll receive user info, name, company, role, and extra info. If access to tably tool, do the research. And I said once you have the info, write a cover letter that focuses on why this company, why this role, and why now. So let's test it out and see what happens. Okay. Then right here on the right we can see the full output which is awesome. So next thing we need to do is do another web hook but this is going to be respond to web hook and it's going to return the data we had. So we'll do JSON and then right here we're going to do expression and we're just going to map this in here. Right? So this is what it's going to be sending. So just like that, we created our, you know, little cover letter builder. Now we want to do the connections, right? We had this fake data in here. So let's save this first. But now we want to start using some real data. So let's unpin this guy, right? And now we have our test URL. So copy the test URL just by clicking on it. We'll go back in the lovable and we're going to say, hey, um, let's change this to post. Recopy it. And we're gonna say, "Hey, I have a post web hook URL insert URL that I need you to connect you to. I need you to connect with because I want the data from the form submission to go here to our background." So, so here we are inside a level in the bottom left inside the prompt that said I need a post web hook URL with this URL setup. Copy pasted it in there and said the form submission data needs to be sent here so the Nadm backend can create the cover letter. So, hit next and then it builds it. Okay, it's updated. So, let's test it out. I'll do get started. Fill out some information. Name is Chase. OpenAI. I want to be a software dev intern. And I made a calculator app once. So, before we hit continue, go back to NAN and we want to listen for test events. Then hit continue. Let's see if it gets the information. We do generate cover letter. Okay, cool. It got the info we needed. So, in this because we're probably going to need to change some stuff around. Um, come into here and we'll see right away we need to change the prompt because it wasn't exactly what it pushed out. So, we'll delete this. Come on down and we want to right. So right here, the body, we drag that in there. It gives the name, company, ro, blah blah blah blah blah. Right? And it's fine. It's super ugly like this. The AI is smart enough to be able to decipher all this information. So doing that, let's test the step now. See if everything works. Cool. All right. Did the proper output. And then let's see what happens if we then respond to web hook. Says invalid JSON. Check that the syntax. If you get something like this and it says ask assistant, we'll see if the assistant actually works. The NAN like built-in AI assistant has honestly gotten a lot better than what it was not too long ago. So, says to fix this, wrap your string in an object. So, let's see if that works. So, taking a suggestion, let's do test step. And okay, it worked. And yeah, it's ugly. But whatever data we push from NN as we come back here to um levelable we can tell it hey that was messed up. Can you fix it? Can you make it look nicer? So now we know the data is getting pushed to nadn and that the data is flowing properly. So now what we're going to do is we're going to go from test to production. So how do we do that? So first things first come here to this web hook and we're going to do production URL. You can unpin this. And same thing as before, just tell it, hey, I have a new post web hook that I want to use. And then give it the production URL. And then before you do that, you also want to put this to active. That way, it's actually properly listening. And so you can set it to active by just coming up here and clicking active. Um, we'll actually refresh this guy real quick. And then go into level and give it the new production URL. So I just said, "Hey, use this post web hook URL now. Hey, it updated the web hook URL." So let's try doing this cover letter again. So we'll go back. We'll keep the same information and let's hit continue, generate cover letter, and we'll see if it works. And while it's processing, you can actually hop into Naden and hit executions up here. And you can actually make sure over here on the top left side, is it actually running and what's actually happening? Because if it's something goes wrong, you'll see an error right away. Looks like it succeeded. So let's hop back into lovable [Music] and well says it worked. Let's see what happened here. So if we click here, we see there was an actual output, right? So we know the backend was working, right? The output worked successfully. But inside of lovable, we're not seeing it. So what do we do? We just say, "Hey, lovable, it says it's working on the back end. Why am I not seeing the cover letter here?" So I wrote, "N says it gave you a JSON output, but I'm not seeing it displayed." And so Loveable responded with, "I can see the NN web hook is returning JSON output, but it's not being displayed. Let me just modify it." So expect to kind of have this back and forth, right? You have two different programs, two different applications talking to one another. Sometimes stuff gets lost in the translation. But the nice thing is we know it was working inside of edit end. So if you know something's working on the back end, there's just something going on on the front end where it's not just displaying it properly or something along those lines. But luckily, Lovable's pretty smart. So just talk to it in plain English. Here's what's happening with N. Why am I not seeing it? What can we do? Okay, it says it updated it. So let's try it again. Go to get started. Um, I'm going to do the same information. And I made a calculator app. Don't forget that. Hit continue. Generate the cover letter. And let's see if it works this time. Okay, there we go. Dear hiring team, expressing my enthusiasm, blah blah blah blah. We'll be full stack developer, right? Cool stuff. And let's double check here. instead of nadn is this the actual thing we output and so we'll see here 1159 right what did the output look like boom writing to express my enthusiasm writing to express my enthusiasm so we know the bold didn't just make it up this is the legitimate output end so pretty cool right so there you go guys you just created your first web app right Um, not too bad. And you could like obviously continue to build on this and all this stuff, but hey, we got it working. Front end's talking with back end and we're actually doing something. Now, what if I want to publish this? I actually want to put this online for people to use. Well, just come up to the top right where it says publish. And it has domains here. They give you like a free ugly one, right, that has in it. Um, you can always change that, but we hit publish. And there we go. Right. Obviously, we could put some sort of picture here and actually make it look nice, but I hit get started. And you got it. So there you have it, guys. You now have the ability to create your own web apps and SAS applications with Levelable and NN. And the possibilities are quite literally limitless, right? We can get really, really sophisticated with the NAN stuff as you've seen before. And with this simple demo, that whole idea of having the web hook and just making sure they're talking back and forth, that's all there is to it. So um I'd love to see what kind of web apps you guys create with this sort of um framework. Uh, let me know how it goes and good luck out

=== This AI Assistant Takes Over Your Emails (n8n tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vmgmva3dL44

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to show you how to create a really simple AI automation that both classifies and responds to all the emails that flow into your inbox based on the parameters that you give it. I'm going to both show you how to set up the prompts that allow us to classify the emails, and I'm going to show you the system prompts that allow the AI to actually respond in a way that sounds like us. That way, it's not super obvious that it's just AI generating all of these drafts. Now, while this is a super simple automation, I actually think it brings a ton of value. We spend way too much time both looking through our emails and trying to come up with responses. And something like this is able to drive a ton of value without a lot of work when it comes to the setup. I've personally sold a number of these to different clients, and everyone has loved it. Let's dive in and start building this thing from scratch. So, first thing we're going to need to do is we need to set up a Gmail trigger. Now, if you haven't set up your Gmail accounts before, just check out the previous videos where I break down how to go into Google Cloud and set that all up. But we're going to do the one trigger that's available to us, and that's on message received. So, here we are inside the Gmail trigger. You'll see we have a few options. How often do you want it to pull the emails? We're just going to do every minute. The event's going to be message received. And then we're going to make sure this is unclicked. We don't want it to be simplified. We want to be able to grab all the data at once. And then you have the options to add filters based on like sender or red status and all that. And then you can even have it download the actual attachments if you want to as well. What I want you to do for this is I want you to go inside your own email and then send yourself some sort of test message. For this one, I'm going to pretend I'm a client who's trying to get some information about Chase AI. Right? This is a potential lead and I'm going to classify my emails based on emails that are possible leads and those that aren't. So once you send that email, just hit fetch test event and you should see all this stuff pop up on the right. You're just going to come up here to the right hand side and we're going to pin that data so we can map stuff and mess around with it later. Right? So now we have the trigger. We've grabbed that new email. Now we want to actually classify it. So we're going to search for text classifier. And here we're going to map what we actually want to classify. What we want to classify is going to be based off of the actual text. So if you come down here to the left, you'll see text, right? We're just going to map that in there. And then you'll see the actual message. Hey, I was interested in buying an AI agent that can handle all my emails. What would the next steps be? And so we're going to keep it simple in this demo and we're just going to have two categories. So the first category will be chase AI leads. And then down here on options, we're going to put when no clear match. We don't want it to discard the email. We're just going to have it output to an other branch. So for the Chase AI leads description, we're just going to put something along the lines of, hey, any email that seems like it's a potential lead for our company, you're going to categorize this way. And so you'll see what I wrote was emails that are potential Chase AI leads. The email asks about pricing, AI implementation, or just wants more AI info. Route them here. And so, let's test this step and see what it does. Oh, all right. We actually need to attach a model on this one. Forgot about that. So, back out of here and go to model. And down here on the right hand side, we are just going to use OpenAI. Again, check out some of the previous videos that go in depth of how to actually connect your account. And if that's too confusing, just come up here to the docs. They'll do step-by-step instructions of how to get your GPT account all set up. So, we're going to use 4.1 Mini for this. You really shouldn't be using 40 anymore. 4.1 is much better. Now that it's connected, let's test this again and we'll see. Hey, it put it in the correct branch. So, now we have two branches here, right? We have Chase AI and other. So, for other, we just are going to have it do nothing, right? Like I don't want to delete it. I don't even want to like label it because I have no this could be anything. So, we're just going to have it do nothing, right? And then the Chase AI leads now that we've classified it. I probably also want to tag it, right? Just kind of good organizational practice. So, what we're going to do here, we'll search for Gmail again and we're going to go to label label label label. Add label to message. So, message ID, right? It's just going to be this ID up here. and then label whatever you have. You could go inside Gmail and create a new label. For this, we'll just do important. And you can test that step as well. Now, we can see it's unread, important, sent in in the inbox. Okay. So, now that we have our email, what do we want to do next? Well, now we want to send it to AI so it can actually draft a response based on the parameters and the rules we give it. So, to do that, we're just going to do a basic LLM chain. Okay. So once you're in here, source for prompt is going to be defined below because we want the prompt to be the actual message that was in the email. So if you go to text classifier and you come down to the actual text. So again, right here, put it in here. Boom. Now, here comes the important part and that's going to be the system prompt. This is where we're going to say like, hey, these are the types of emails you're getting. Here's how I want you to respond based on this logic. So, what I want you to do is kind of just type that out in some form. And it's probably going to be very simple. And then what we're going to do is we're going to go to AI ourselves. In my case, I love to use Gemini. And we're going to say, "Hey, this is the pitiful system prompt I came up with to start. Here's what I'm trying to do with it. Help me out here." So, for my system message, I'm going to say something like, uh, you are responding as if you're Chase AI, and these emails are for potential leads, and I want you to sign off this way and respond this way. Okay, so here's what I ended up writing. I'll blow this up. I said, the prompt is a user email from a potential lead for Chase AI. You will respond as if you are from Chase AI answering the user's questions. Below are some FAQs that you can use to respond to the emails. And so the FAQs I wrote, all AI agents cost $1 million. And all email AI agents take six months to create. And then I also wrote um always be professional and concise. And then I even said sign off all emails with thanks or so so much for talking to us. That's great English. Thanks so much. Thanks so much talking to us. So that's what I wrote. Obviously, that kind of gets it the job done, but we can do better than that. So, once you have your own thing written out, just copy it and then hop into your AI of choice. Okay, so here I am in Gemini, my AI of choice. I love Gemini 2.5. I think it's the best for NN stuff. But the real point in here is take that system prompt you created, paste it into here, and then say something like this, like, hey, this is my system prompt. I need some help with it. It's for an AI agent in NN that takes emails for potential leads and responds to them accordingly. Here's what I got. So, let's run this and then let's see what it actually gives us back. Okay, so here's what it gave us back. You can see here, this is the improved system prompt here in kind of like the blue coded area. Way more in depth and it even breaks it out into like Q&As's to give examples of actual frequently asked questions and even has a part where it says, "Hey, add more FAQs here." So, what we're going to do is we're just going to copy paste this in there. So, copy this guy. Go back into your workflow. And we're just going to replace this. Now, understand you don't have to do this exactly like the AI tells you, right? So, what I did is I said, "Hey, be concise. Be professional. Here are some FAQs." But you can go a lot more in depth. If you have examples of your own writing, hey, this is how I write my emails. This is how I this is how I sign off, right? Some stuff specific to you. Put it in the system prompt, right? This is where you customize it and so it doesn't make it obvious that Chad GBT is responding to these emails, right? You want it to sound like you. So once you do that, we're just going to test the step. And again, I didn't put the model in there. That's two for two now. Um, so this one again, we're just going to use 4.1 mini. And here we go. 4.1 mini. And let's try it again. So test the step and let's see the output we get. So these are the logs. This is where you can kind of see how it goes through the process, but the output says, "Thanks for reaching out with your interest in our AI email agents. Our AI agents can be customized to handle your emails efficiently, tailored to your specific needs. Right. Next step would be to schedule consultation, etc., etc. Would you be open to a quick call?" And then, "Thanks so, so much for talking to us for the sign off." So, there we go. Not bad. It followed the directions we gave it. And so, now the next step would be actually sending that email off. Now, you have two options. You can either actually do a Gmail note that sends the email if you trust the AI is going to do it correctly every single time or like many people, you kind of want it to be a draft, right? You want to get one final once over before you send something off with your name on it. So, we're going to do the draft. And so, we're going to go to draft actions, create a draft, and now we just got to map some stuff. So, what do we want to do for the subject? Well, we know it's a reply. So, we're just going to do re space. And then we want to find the original Gmail subject. And it should be back here on the Gmail trigger. Looking for the subject. Looking for the subject. Where are you? Here it is. Okay, there it is. Found it. All right. So So now we have like a reply and the actual subject. Next email type, we're going to keep it as text for now. You can get fancy and do HTML and do like cool formatting if you want to. um you would just need to prompt the AI in the previous section, the system prompt to be like, hey, I want the output to be HTML. And then for the message, we're just going to go to that basic LLM chain and map this text into here. And you'll see it actually like formats, it does the high, all that stuff. Now, the last thing we need to do, and this is important for the um drafts especially, is the thread ID because when I respond to you and we have a back and forth email and there's 10 emails, that's all inside a single thread. And so when I do the draft, I want it to still be sitting in that thread. So when I go into my Gmail, I can just hit reply and be done. If you don't put a thread ID here, it's just going to be stuck inside your drafts folder, just kind of sitting in, you know, the void. And we want to avoid that. So thread ID, same thing as before. Go to text classifier. Go to wherever. Thread ID should be right at the top. Put that in there. And now let's test the step. All right. Said it did it. And so let me go check my Gmail and see if it actually populated. Okay. So here I am inside my email and this is the draft it had ready to go. Right? Says, "Hi, thanks for reaching out." Blah blah blah blah blah. And if I like this, I could just hit send and be done, right? I didn't have to sit there and read the email and draft the whole response. This actually could have saved me a lot of time, especially at scale. So, just like that, in what, less than 10 minutes, you've created an AI workflow that can take a look at all your emails, classify them, label them, do a response in your voice based on your parameters, and then create a draft ready for you to review. That easy. Now, how can we make this better? How can we improve on it? There's actually a lot of things we can do, right? And so, we just have this broken up into two sections, right? We have the leads and then we have other. But obviously there's other sorts of emails, right? What if I wanted to break this out further? What if I wanted to break out the leads further? I wanted like high priority leads or low priority leads. How could I continue to do that? Well, that'd be pretty easy. You would just go into the text classifier here and we would just add another category, right? This category could be, you know, high priority leads. And then what would I do here? Well, I would just do the high priority description, right? And I'd go into detail about what makes something high priority based on the email. And then from there, always make sure you have these properly mapped. I would just go through the same process, right? I could even copy paste this to get me started. And then I would probably have a different label. I could call this high priority right here. I would make that inside of Gmail. And then I'd go inside here and I would just edit the system prompt. How do I want the high priority emails to be responded to? Do I want something different to be happening? Right? It'd be different logic in each of these blocks. And now if you want to get even more advanced, right, we could do something like hook this up to a rag system. Now, this isn't a, you know, rag lesson. I have other videos on that if you want to take a look, but we could have like a single source of truth for all of our frequently asked questions, all of our contacts, all that sorts of thing that all of these models are able to reference, right? So, you can actually get pretty complicated and sophisticated with these sort of like email classifying and responder AI agents, right? We could even start adding stuff like a Gmail calendar, you know, module that then, hey, once we know they want to like have a meeting or set up a call, automatically do that. So, you can really go down the rabbit hole with these kinds of things. But this video was just sort of giving you the taste of that. So you can kind of see how much value can be derived from an AI automation that really took, you know, if you speedrun this 3 4 minutes. So um yeah, let me know what you think about this one. As always, uh hope you can actually start implementing yourself because I think this is actually one of the really cool ones. I always like doing this and like I said, I've sold essentially this exact AI agent, this AI automation really to multiple clients. So there's real value out there for this particular one. So, um, good luck creating this and I'll see you guys

=== How to Build RAG AI Agents: n8n Tutorial for Beginners ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwR5519zTC8

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to show you how to create your own rag powered AI agent inside of Naden. Now, I'm super excited about this lesson because I think the number one way to drive value with your AI agents is to give it some sort of rag ability. Now, what is rag? Rag stands for retrieval augmented generation. And all that means is that we're going to give our AI agent the ability to access our own personal or business documents, right? And this means we're going to take our AI agent from just like a slightly souped-up chat GPT into something that can actually act like a member of our team. By giving it access to whatever docs we want, we can now leverage the power of AI agents on something beyond just the basic training data it already comes with. This means we can feed it stuff like sales reports, meeting notes, whatever you can think of, and actually use AI to generate some insights on those that we otherwise wouldn't. And so I'm going to show you how to a build a pipeline that allows us to just dump documents into Google Drive and have it go into a vector database. I'm then going to show you how to build the AI agent infrastructure that allows us to call on that vector database to actually use those documents we gave it. And then I'm also going to explain how rag works, what a vector database is, and how this looks from a very highle overview so you can get an idea of what's actually going on under the hood. And so we're going to start here and that's going to be an explanation of what is RAG, what are vector databases and how this all works. So what is RAG? So RAG stands for retrieval augmented generation. And let's break that down. It's actually super simple. Retrieval, that means it's actually going to retrieve some information for us, right? That's going to be the information we stored inside a vector database. In this case, let's pretend it's meeting notes. So it goes in and retrieves that information. Next, augmented. It augments its original answer with the information it's now gathered from the database. And then lastly, generation. It generates a response for us. Right? Retrieval augmented generation. Go grab the information that I gave you. Augment your response based on that information and then actually generate that response for me. That's all it is. Really, really simple. But where is it getting all that information? And how do we actually give it that information in the first place? Well, let's talk about that. Now, the information is going to be residing in what we call a vector database. And that can come in a couple different forms. There's a bunch of thirdparty tools out there that allow us to use vector databases essentially for free. Two of the most popular ones you'll see inside the kind of naden space are superbase and pine cone. So what is a vector database? How does it differ from a normal database and why do we care? So let's first talk about the differences between a vector database and a normal database and why you always see people talking about the vector type in this LLM AI agent discussion. Now, vector databases can actually be pretty complicated and this could be its own video, but I think a good way to illustrate the differences is like with a simple analogy, right? Imagine you're in a library, okay? And every single document that you've pushed to your AI agent is a different book and inside this library, there are two librarians. The first librarian is the normal database and the second librarian is the vector database. So, let's say I go and I talk with the first librarian, right? standard database and I'm trying to find some information inside of Moby Dick, right? That's the document I want to find and I need information about it. Well, in order for the librarian to find that particular document and the information inside it, right? Moby Dick. I have to tell librarian number one of two things. Either the exact name of the document, right? The title of the book, or I need to tell them the author, right? I need a book by Herman Melville. And then we'll kind of break it down from there, right? I need some sort of very specific information about that document for the original type of database to actually go and find it. Okay. If I just went to that librarian was like, "Hey, uh, I'm looking for a book about a giant white whale in a crazy dude." It's going to be like, "I have no idea what you're talking about." Right? I can't find that. You got to tell me something. I need more information. On the other hand, I go to librarian number two, which is the vector database, and I said, "Hey, find me the book about the crazy dude in the white whale." It's like, "Oh, hey, I got you. That's Moby Bick. That's Moby Dig. Revan Melville, here you go. What information do you want to know about it? That in a nutshell is the difference between the two, right? Vector databases essentially the term that's often used is semantic embedding, right? It's almost taking the concept of the information and storing it in a place that it can find later versus a normal database, right? Very rigid. Here's a specific information and your query better fall somewhere within these lines. So, how does a vector database actually do that? Well, remember a vector is like an xyaxis, right? Think of like plotting stuff on a graph inside of math class, right? That's a two-dimensional vector and every point has like numbers associated, right? Same thing with a vector database, but instead of two dimension, it's thousands. And think of every point as an embedding of information, right? Again, all you need to know is that vector databases work really well with LLMs because they almost store things based on sort of concepts. So when I give it a fuzzy query of, you know, hey, crazy dude and the white whale, it's like, okay, oh yeah, I know what that's about. Let me go get that data for you. And if you understand that concept and that difference between the two, that's good enough. Now, let's dive into it just a little bit further and talk about embeddings, right? So I have some sort of document that I want to give the vector database, right? But let's imagine this document is actually a,000page behemoth. It's a giant PDF, but it's super important to my business. And I want this AI agent to be able to reference the information inside of there. Like we talked about before, when we put information into a vector database, it becomes an embedding, right? Some sort of point inside that very large multi-dimension vector. But if you have a very large, you know, document, in this case, a thousandpage PDF, is it going to store all thousand pages as a single embedding? No. What it's going to do is it's going to chunk it up. And so every 500 to a,000 tokens you decide, it's going to chunk up that document into different embeddings. So a thousandpage PDF would instead become thousands of embeddings. So what are tokens? Well, think of every single word as a token, right? An individual word is roughly a single token. And so it chunks it up for two reasons. Reason number one is context window. Now remember, every single AI has a limited context window. It's usually hundreds of thousands of tokens. Uh some are even larger, like Gemini is a million tokens, but that means it can only deal with so much information, so many tokens every single request, right? So if I gave it a PDF of millions of tokens, it just wouldn't work. It would seize up. And so by chunking it up, right, by taking this document and breaking it down to a bunch of different pieces, it can then send the individual pieces that matter back up to this AI agent, which then can, you know, retrieve the information, augment, and generate it for you, our user over here. Right? So that's reason number one is the context window. And reason number two is speed, right? If I can dive here into this database and grab the specific part of that giant PDF I need and then give it to the user, well, I can do that much faster than going through the entire document all at once every single time. So speed and context window are why it chunks it. But that comes at a cost, right? Because imagine if I had let's say a giant Excel file, right? thousands of rows, thousands of columns, and I'm asking information about like imagine with sales, I'm asking information like, hey, uh what was our highest grossing month and who was the salesperson that did it and which product was selling the most? Right? If I'm just take taking a small chunk of that document, am I really going to be getting the full context I need to answer that question? The answer is probably not. And so that's one of the limitations of vector databases and chunking in general is certain documents you do kind of need full context particularly those large Excel files right and so that's one limitation of rack well how do we fix that well there's some workarounds if you look at something right here this is one possible way to do it we have actually SQL functionality built into here and so the author of this essentially rag system is Cole Meden he has really good stuff on YouTube as Well, definitely check them out. And so I took his base, messed with it a little bit, added some, you know, functionalities and played with some system prompts. But long and short of it is what he was able to do is he added SQL functionality. What does that mean? That means he's essentially able to query the entire Excel document all at once and get around it. So that's one workaround. In reality, the other workaround is kind of just avoiding those particular documents, right? Do you always need those giant Excel documents? Are there better ways to attack that? Those are some of the limitations of rag. But big picture, hey, that's how rag works. That's how vector databases work. And then for you as the user, what does this all mean? This means you have documents that we are going to put into a Google drive which then get automatically sent to superbase or pine cone or our, you know, vector database of choice. And then we add tools to the AI agent. And you'll see that right here, right? We have this pine cone vector tool. So when I ask it questions about say meeting notes, it knows, hey, I have a vector database that has a bunch of meeting notes. Let me go take a look in it. Let me go query it and then let me bring that information back to you the user. So hopefully that kind of demystified what rag is, how vector databases work, and where you the user fall into all of it. So now let's actually jump into Naden and let's actually build all this out from scratch so you can start using it yourself. Okay, so first things first, I want you to go to Google Drive and I want you to create a new folder and just call it whatever. In this case, I called mine rag demo. This is where we're eventually going to put in the documents that we want to go into our rag system that the AI agent references. Second thing we're going to do is we're going to use Pine Cone. So just go to pine cone.io and create an account. And for this demo, it's totally free. And so once you're inside here, you're going to go to create index. You can name it whatever you want. I'm just going to call mine demo. For configuration, we're going to go to text embedding 3 small. We're going to do serverless. We'll do AWS. And then we'll just do US East1. And then we'll do create index. And once you're over here, go to API keys. Go to create API key. And call this one whatever you want. I'll just call mine demo demo. Create it. And then just have your API key ready to go because we'll be using this once we go and hook it up inside of NAND. Now we can finally come to NAND and actually start building inside here. Now that we got everything set up and ready to go. So for our first step, we're going to create that funnel that allows us to dump documents into Google Drive and have it go to Pine Code. So the first thing we're going to do is a Google Drive trigger. We're going to do on changes involving a specific folder. And for this folder, we're going to do drag demo. And here we're going to watch for file created. Okay. So now let's actually go into Google Drive and put in some sort of file that we want to run our test with. So, I suggest you make it either an actual Google doc or PDF cuz it really doesn't like DOCEX file. So, if you put like a Word doc in there, it's going to be weird. So, put it into a PDF first. Then, come here to your folder and drag and drop something in there. In this case, I have some meeting notes, some fake ones that I had chatbt gen. Go back into NAN, run the test event, and you'll see, hey, it got that document. And so, come over here to the right and pin the data. And now that we have the trigger working, right, it knows there's a new file. Now, let's actually download it. So, we're going to search for Google Drive, go to download file, and then the file we want it to download is we're going to do the expression, and then you're going to go down here to ID. And so, then it will be JSON. ID. Now, if you've never set up your Google stuff before, and again, you can come up here and follow the docs or check out my Google authentication video, which takes you through step by step how to get it all set up. So, let's test this step as well, and we'll see. Hey, we got some information here. Sweet. Now, the next thing we want to do is now that we downloaded the file, now we want to send it off to Pine Cone. So, we're going to search for Pine Cone, Pine Cone Vector Store, and we want to add documents to the vector store. And so, now we need to set up our Pine Cone account. So, Pine Cone count 3. All we need is our API key. So, again, come over here. Remember, we had this page up from Pine Cone. Copy this guy. Go back in. Save it. Sweet. We're connected. That easy. Now next, what index do we want? Well, there should only be one. That's demo. And then we want to add some sort of name space. So what does namespace mean? Well, remember that analogy of we had the library and the library kind of being where all this information is held. Well, the namespace is like a specific row inside that library. So it gives our librarian kind of a heads up of where they should be looking for stuff. So in this case, the name space I'm just going to call it meeting notes because this is where I'm going to be putting in meeting notes information, but you can call this whatever you want. Right. So the next thing we're going to do is we're going to go to embedding. We're going to go to embeddings openAI. And then just like we did inside of Pine Cone, you're going to make sure this is text embedding 3 small. So next you'll hit document and then do default data loader. Only thing you need to change here is put this to binary. You can tell it's binary because up here on the top it's shown as binary data. Then go to text splitter. We'll do recursive text splitter. Remember these chunk sizes. These are the amount of tokens it's going to chunk that document into. And then chunk overlap. We'll just put to 100. And then now come up here to the pine cone vector store and test it out. So hit the test that little play button right there. And we see, hey, cool. It took that meeting notes document and actually chunked it up into two separate items. And so for reference, this is what the meeting notes look like that I'm using, right? It just shows attendees, agenda, has some discussion items and all this stuff. So now you've built the pipeline that takes a document like this. We just shove it into Google Drive and then it automatically puts it into Pine Cone, right? And so now let's build out the AI agent that can actually grab that data from Pine Cone and we can ask it questions about it. So we just move this over here. We'll work on the same canvas. Come up here to the right and we're just going to search for AI agent. Back out of there. And let's add a chat trigger. So just search for chat trigger. Keep that all the same. Connect these guys. Now we want some sort of chat model. Come down here to open AI. Um 40 is kind of like deprecated at this point honestly. Like you should just be using 41 stuff. Like it's just as good in many cases cheaper like 4.1 nano. Essentially it's like 40 capabilities at uh half the price. Memory. Simple memory. And then tool. This is where we're going to add the pine cone stuff. So, pop the pine cone. Um, name, we'll just call this demo. Description, you grab meeting notes info. Um, pine cone index demo down here on properties name space. So, this is where we're telling it, hey, you know, this is where you need to look inside of the library. Back out of there. And then we just have to add the embedding. Same thing we've been doing all day. We're just going to use um text embedding three small So, let's save this. We can refresh the page as well. And so, now let's actually test this out. I'm going to open the chat and we'll start with something easy like just give me a summary of the latest meeting notes. And so, you can kind of see it hitting the different tools. It hits the Pine Cone storage and boom, gives us a whole summary. And now remember, kind of similar to that, you know, librarian thing we did before, I didn't tell it the specific meeting notes and, you know, what date it was. I mean, granted, this database only has one of them, right? But even if we had a bunch in there, it'd be able to like intelligently think, okay, what's the current date? What's the latest? All right, let me grab those meeting notes and check them out. And so, there you go. That's how you set up a RAG pipeline and an AI agent that can actually use Rag to give you information about whatever documents you give it. And again, this is the simplest, least sophisticated version of this. But I hope by kind of just seeing this in action and how we built that, the gears are starting to turn into your mind how you can add certain documents and really leverage this inside of your own life. And like I said, these things can get really sophisticated like this where we're putting all sorts of stuff into there. Even stuff that's Excel files and CSV stuff that we can interact with an AI agent. In this case, we use voice. Like I have this hooked up to like 11 Labs, you know, I can talk to it back and forth. Um, but yeah, I think the rag stuff is awesome. If you can really, really internalize this foundation and the kind of stuff we talked about here, you're going to be in a great spot moving forward. So, let me know what you thought about this lesson, and I will see you guys

=== Master N8N AI Agents: A Simple 4-Step Process ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kiif_YDY9mQ

Hey everybody, I'm super excited about today's lesson because it's all about giving you the mental framework that I use to create my AI agents and automations. And I think this is super important because all of these guides and all these tutorials about how to build these different AI workflows aren't really about building these AI workflows. They're about giving you the skills and tools to go out there and eventually build your own solutions that work for you. And so to do that at the beginning, yeah, you need to follow step-by-step guides. You need to get the reps in to understand how it all works. But the real goal of this isn't just to keep giving you random lessons that may or may not work for you. The goal of this is to take you from somebody who sees something like this, right? This giant LinkedIn scraper and no longer asks how did he build that? But you start to look at it and you ask why. Why did he make certain decisions about the modules he used? Why is he using Google Sheets instead of Air Table? Why does it flow the way it flows? And when you graduate from someone who looks at these workflows and looks at the automations and goes from saying how to saying why, you are now going to be in the position to start actually building these things yourself. And that's what it's all about. It's not about keeping you a student forever, although you should always be trying to learn more. It's about making you a true practitioner in this no code AI space that frankly wasn't available to any of us just a few years ago. But now you really have the chance to start building things that work. And so to help you get there, I'm going to go through this framework because I think it helps to see how other people think about these things, right? I essentially do this for a living now. And so hopefully when you see how I think about all this stuff, you can start thinking about these workflows the same way whenever you see them. And so for our use case, we're going to be going through the LinkedIn scraper workflow. I created this one about a week ago. It's the one that won the community vote in the school in April of like what you guys wanted to see, right? You guys wanted to see some sort of enhanced outreach engine and this is what I came up with. Well, how did I come up with what were the steps? Well, let's start with step number one, which is defining success. So, step number one of this framework is define success. What are we actually trying to build and what is our explicit end state? By knowing what we're going to start with and knowing what we're going to end with, we can actually break down this workflow into separate parts that we can attack distinctly. And so while this may seem kind of obvious, yeah, I know what I want to build, sometimes it isn't, right? In this case, I was given a prompt essentially by the school, which was create an enhanced outreach generation machine. Now, what the heck does that mean? I have no idea. That could have been 3,000 different workflows in a million different iterations. And what I broke it down to was it needs to be some sort of customized outreach messaging at scale, right? Customized outreach messaging at scale. Now, that's a little more defined, but we can go further with that, right? What do we actually mean by customized? Right, we're trying to reach out to individuals and some sort of cold outreach. So, I probably want individual information about them. Well, how am I going to do that? I'm going to need some sort of LinkedIn info, right? And I also probably want to know some stuff about their company to give their personal information, some context, right? So, I need company info. I also need a way to combine all that information. So, I need some sort of like AI synthesit, right? And I'm going to also need to combine that with my own personalized offer for them. Right? So I need the personal information, the company information, my own offer as an individual and AI needs to synthesize all that. It needs to then do the outreach. So in this case with email like Gmail, but what if I wanted to go really scale like use resend or Mailchimp and then I also need a place to store all this information, right? I want to be able to look at everything I collect like what are we using as some sort of database, you know? So, just right there by kind of talking through that, we now have like five different areas that I know I need to figure out before I've even put anything down on proverbial paper, right? And if you kind of look at this, you know, workflow, this is kind of how it's broken up, right? In the red and the blue, that's all kind of the LinkedIn information, right? We're doing scraping of the URLs and the profiles themselves. Green is the company information, right? This is where we're using Cavali to search for that. So, we've gotten the first two parts, right? LinkedIn and company info. All along the way, we see some sort of AI synthesis, right? On all these different OpenAI modules, right? We have four different ones. And then outreach. Yeah, you see that over here with the email generation um section in the purple. And then in terms of a database, we see Google Sheets all over the place here. Right now, Google Sheets is probably the most basic form of a database you can get, but we do, you know, throughout this figure out a way to answer all five of these questions. And so that's why defining success as step number one is so important, right? We need to be able to break this down into different small chunks because if you try to just attack customized outreach messaging at scale, especially if you're new to the space, it's going to be way too overwhelming. So to find success, break it down into chunks. And also, most importantly, this isn't something you need to do on your own, right? You're not sitting here with just pen and paper and hoping this just comes to you out of thin air. You need to be working with AI with this. And so for me, the AI of choice is Gemini 2.5. Right? If you use the AI Studio one, it's a completely free and b it's really really good when it comes to NN. The only one that's even close is Claude. But if you're using like Claude's death, like the claw version on the web, you're going to run through your tokens and get locked out after an hour and have to sit there waiting to do something for the next three. On the other hand, this is free. Context window is huge and you're never going to get kicked off. So, I can't recommend enough having these conversations about a what you're trying to build and how can we break this down into like small manageable steps with something like Gemini. That being said, if Chat GBT has you in a chokeold and you refuse to change it up, chat GBT works, too. So, that's step one. Define success. What do we want to build? How do we break it down? And what does AI have to say about all this? Right? That's where we start. Now, let's go into step two. So, step number two is can we steal it? Now, I say this only half jokingly because once we define what we want to build and we've kind of articulated that, now I want you to go to AI. I want you to go to something like Perplexity and ask if there's any examples out there of templates that people have done that's kind of similar to what you're trying to do. And that's exactly what you see here in this Perplexity search that I did. Right? When I was originally starting that automation, I was like, "Okay, I want to do something with lead generation. I know people have used stuff like Apollo before. Like, do you have any examples of people doing this?" Now, the goal here isn't for me to find some perfect template out there that does exactly what I'm asking for and then I'm going to say, "Oh, I built this. This is mine for two reasons. One, we're not going to steal other people's work." But number two, and more importantly, you're not going to find a template out there that's going to do exactly what you want to do almost ever, right? Especially when you're talking about specific use cases for like you or your business, right? It's just not going to exist. But what you can find are 50, 60, 70% solutions that can kind of get the gears turning in your mind and hopefully give you some inspiration of how you should attack your particular problem. And so what you see here is a template that I found on Reddit of someone who was doing lead generation, right? They were using a lot of Apollo and they were also doing some LinkedIn scraping versus AI with um Amplify, but this is what they got. Now this thing and you know this thing are very different but there are some ideas in here that I lifted and put into mind namely like how they approach the LinkedIn section right what you see here is actually not too different than what you see from mine in the blue now I cut up a lot of things I changed system prompts right I tweaked it into my own vision but by seeing how what this guy did you know was able to be like okay cool that's a good idea and when you're able to do that and look at something like this and not ask how did he do it, but ask why, right? And then click into something here and look in a system prompt and be like, "Okay, I see what he did. Can I do something better or can I tweak this a little bit to my own thing?" That's what you need to start doing, right? You get into other people's templates. You start asking the why, and then you're like, "Okay, here's my end goal. Here's my case. Let me bring it to AI and see if they have any other ideas to add on to it." Right? So, step two is go find similar stuff. Right? There's more and more stuff on YouTube. There's more and more stuff on Reddit and also on the actual NN site of templates that may be kind of close to what you want to do. And again, we're not stealing work here. We're looking for inspiration. We're seeing what other people have done, right? Don't be afraid to stand on the shoulders of other NAN giants, right? And see what people who are more experienced in the space are doing, right? Because you're going in here again. You've gone from how to now you're asking why. So to recap, big tool here, perplexity, right? And then as for places you can actually find it, Reddit has some stuff. Sometimes the actual NAN official website has a whole like marketplace. Some people actually sell theirs, but there's a lot of free ones that again can kind of like get the juices flowing to see what you're doing. And then YouTube's also obviously a great place. And then step three, we're actually going to start building one feature at a time, right? We're going to start small and we're going to keep it lean. When we look at something like this, right, this entire behemoth, right? I want to build this very sophisticated cold outreach program that people can put in whatever query they want. It does all this stuff and it doesn't do duplicates. That's a lot to do, especially at first. So, how do you need to like mentally approach it? Well, first you're going to do one lead at a time and you're not going to worry about strange edge cases, right? So, what you see right here in the red, right, we have this thing that right off the bat, we're already splitting off into three parts, right? We get existing URLs. This helps us deal with duplicates. This down here helps us deal with edge cases where someone asks for the same like thing that they did yesterday. Crazy stuff. We're not going to start worrying about that. We're actually going to like when we first start this, we're not doing this. We're not doing any of this. All we're worried about is I got a form submission and somebody asked for software company founder in Chicago. It shows 10. Maybe I just want to do one. And what we're also going to do is we're going to constantly be pinning data. What you see up here is this little pin data. That means I filled out this lead form. The data came in and I pin it so I never have to touch it again. And so same thing right here, right? We push it through OpenAI. I test the data. I get some when I get an output I want actually working, what am I going to do? I'm going to pin the data right here. Now, that does two things. One, it gives me some sort of visual indicator that this module that I've been working on now works. I don't have to mess with it anymore. But two, it saves us time as you're working on these individual pieces and I want to test something like HTTP request over here. It's not going to run through the form submission again or even run through this message model again. It's just going to take that data that's been holding as a placeholder and push it into this request. And so every time I get an individual module working, I pin the data, move on to the next one, get it working, pin the data, and kind of slowly leaprog my way through the workflow. And so that way, a I just know what I know the stuff that's working, which ones are working, and b it will also save your ass when it comes to certain costs, right? Because if I have something like an open AI one here and I was using a very expensive model, if every time I test this workflow, I'm running through the API again and again and again, that's going to cost money and we want to avoid that. So that's kind of a more like smallcale tactical tip. But always make sure you're pinning your data and big picture, break it up into those small chunks, which again comes back here to step one, right? I was able to define success and define what each area of success I need to like figure out, right? LinkedIn info, company info. So, first things first, the LinkedIn info section, then we go into the company info section, right? Then we synthesize it with AI. By being able to define success, you're able to put it all into manageable chunks and not get overwhelmed, which is very easy to do, especially at the beginning. So, stay small and stay lean here. And then pin, pin, pin. We're always pinning data, pin data. So define success, steal what we can, get some inspiration, start small, keep it one feature at a time. And then for our last step, it's going to be iterate, iterate, iterate. Now, the last step, iterating. What do I mean by that? Seems kind of obvious. Oh, you want me just to keep working on stuff till it works? Yeah. But more importantly, let's talk about what's actually the most important thing of this whole video, and that's troubleshooting. Because troubleshooting is huge, and it's the number one skill you need to master more than anything else. If you get nothing from this video, it's learning how to troubleshoot these sorts of workflows. And so, here is your process for troubleshooting. First, you're going to give it big picture context. What is success? That's the context, right? What we defined in step one, what are we trying to do? You're gonna tell AI the exact same thing. Here's my workflow. Here's what I'm trying to do. So, big picture context. Next thing we're going to do is give it small context. What's small context? This is the actual problem I'm having on the specific node. Hey, I'm trying to do this within this bigger workflow. Here's what's happening. And then you're going to actually give it data. Now, what do we mean by give it data? I mean a few things. First thing you're going to do, you're going to come up here. You're going to go to download, right? that is going to download the entire JSON file, all the code behind the workflow. It's going to put it into a file and we're going to give that file to AI. Right? So then I'm just going to come to downloads. I'm going to dump it in here. And now it knows everything that's happening big picture within the workflow. Right? So I give it big picture data. And of note, you don't need to do that every time. Just do it the first time you talk to it. Now the second thing is we're going to give it data about the problem we're actually having. Now how do we do that? Let's say I'm having a problem here with the OpenAI module. I'm going to give AI three things. I'm going to give it the input. I'm going to give it the actual module itself. And then I'm going to give it the output. Input and output are easy. Just come over here to where it says JSON. Copy it. And you're going to go in here and say here's the input, right? Paste it in. Then you're going to say here's the model, the module, right? And for this I'll actually just screenshot it all. or if it's like a code block, I'd copy paste it all. Then I dump that into the model as well. And then I paste the output. Oftent times it'll be an error message. But same thing, there's usually a button to just copy it and then I'll go in there, right, and say, "Hey, here's the error output." Paste it in and then I'll say like, "Hey, what should I do next?" That's it. That's how you troubleshoot. That is the most important thing of this entire video is knowing how to troubleshoot. And it's that simple, right? Those are the steps. Big picture context, what is the workflow? What am I trying to do? Small picture context, here's the specific problem I'm having with this specific module. And then we give it the data. Full JSON input, output in the module itself. And by doing that, you will slowly be able to fix your problems. Will it be fixed on the first time? Maybe, maybe not. But guess what happens? If not, you're going to do the exact same thing. Give it the new input. Give it the module with the changes. give it the output and over time it's going to be able to solve it for you. I promise. And then once we solve the problem with that specific module, guess what we do next? You go to the next module and you do the exact same thing. And so this whole framework becomes less of a step-by-step process and more of a loop, right? Because after I do that first module, guess what I need to do with the next module? Well, I kind of got to define success of the next module, right? What works big picture also works small here. What am I trying to do in the specific section? Has anyone done it before? Right? Hey, I got through the LinkedIn scraper section. I'm trying to do the company research section. Right? What do I actually want? Well, I need to scrape the internet and these parameters. Here's a thirdparty tool. Well, can I steal it? Has someone else done some sort of company research out there? Right? Is there any templates I can kind of use or work off of? Okay, sweet. Let's use that. All right. Let's get one feature working at a time. Let's look at the Tavly search section. Right? How do I do that? You know, okay, well, let's troubleshoot. It's not working, right? So, this is the loop. This is your little NAN UDA loop that you need to do that you need to just also be in like thinking about this when you're going through templates yourself, even if you aren't making it, right? Because if you have this in the back of your mind when you're going through a step-by-step guide, it's going to take you from someone who sees these things and asks, "How do they do it?" And it's going to take you to someone who asks why. And when you start asking why, that's when you can start, you know, graduating to someone who can actually build these solutions for themselves. and you're no longer in the YouTube/school tutorial hell where you're just kind of wrote memorization, repeating stuff over and over, but not actually learning, not actually retaining information, and not actually becoming someone who can leverage all this cool AI stuff. So, hope that answered some questions. Hope that helped out. Like I said, this is exactly how I approach it. And again, every step of the way, AI is involved, right? It's a constant running conversation. Like I said, this was the conversation that I had with AI for that um LinkedIn scraper, right? If you look over here at the right, 400 thou almost 387,000 tokens. 387,000 tokens. For somebody who, like I said, does this for a living. So, someone who's very, I think, pretty knowledgeable in the NAND space, it took me 400,000 tokens of back and forth with AI to get what you see here. So, don't get discouraged if you feel like you've been banging your head against the wall because I guarantee you I've done it way more, right? And so does everyone in the space who does these things. So, you kind of have to embrace that a little bit. But yeah, as always, let me know what you thought about this and I'll see you guys

=== n8n + Tavily + RSS = Your Ultimate Custom Newsletter! | Easy Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rggz_jdvoJo

Hey everybody. In today's lesson, I'm going to teach you how to create your own custom newsletter using AI, RSS feeds, and Tavi. So, we can generate something that looks like this. We're going to be able to choose whatever topic you want. It's going to search through tons of articles, intelligently, pick out the ones we care about, and then give us the headlines, the source, the summary, and then links to it, you know. So, I think this is a, you know, relatively simple workflow that we'll be going through, but one that I think you can get a lot of use out of no matter what sort of subject matter you have because there's all sorts of newsletters out there. I mean, people literally make a living doing this kind of thing, but it's rare to find one that really hits the mark on what you want. And now with something like this, you can really customize your newsletter to fit your life. So, let's jump into it. The way I'm going to run through this one is like how we've done the last few lessons. I have the blueprint in the school. I want you to go there, download the blueprint, come up here to the top right in a new workflow. Do import from file and then we'll kind of go through each of these modules one by one. I'll show you what you have to put in to customize it yourself, how each of them works, and what you can do to kind of tinker it on your own to get your unique newsletter. So, big picture, what's going on here? Well, we're taking data from two sources. The first one is RSS feeds. Now, what the heck is an RSS feed? This is an RSS feed, right? Very, very scary looking. You know, we got tons of text here. It's a black and white screen. I look like I'm coding. Don't worry. All this is is it's like a free subscription service to a website. They usually provide it themselves. And it's just like a very barebones um display of different articles, their text, what's kind of going on behind the scenes. But for something like our AI workflow, it can very easily take that data and turn it into something that we can use. So, we're going to use a bunch of different RSS feeds. In this example, I have five, but you could have as many as you want. There's tons of them out there. And then we're also going to use Tavi because not every website out there has an RSS feed or it gives you a free RSS feed somewhere behind payw walls. But we're going to use Tavi to scrape the internet and create our own essentially like RSS feed for these websites for free. So, we're going to do those two things. We get our data, we get our websites, we put them all together, and then we eventually shove it into an LLM. In this case, we're using just 40 mini. And it's going to like go through those articles and based on the criteria we give it, figure out what articles make sense, which ones are useful, get rid of duplicates, and again, spit out something that sort of looks like this. So, that's how it works. That's what the final product looks like. Now, let's start going through it module by module. Now, first thing, the schedule trigger. This thing can be set however you want. Right now, I think most people would have it want to go every day at like 8:00 a.m. in the morning, but feel free to mess with that as much as you want. Now the next thing is the RSS feeds. So for the RSS feeds, we just have some really simple code that's just going into JSON and it's, you know, or just putting in these URLs. So what you need to do is you have to find RSS feeds on a topic you want and then just copy paste those URLs into here and replace this. This one is meant right now just for like some AI news. And if you're confused of how the heck do I find RSS feeds? Well, the way I did it is I just went to AI. In this case, I went to um Google's AI studio. And as a quick aside, if you haven't started using Gemini 2.5, I'm telling you, it's awesome. Like, I've been a Claude bandwagoner since day one, but Claude's 2.5 Gemini is really, really good and it's free. Like, I'll put a link to it in the school. Um, but it's awesome. Huge context window, but use whichever one you want. Just say, "Hey, I'm looking for five RSS feeds that provide news and updates related to insert your topic here." And it should give you a bunch of feeds. Now, just make sure you go through and actually, you know, like look at them. Um, because it might give you kind of a bunk link. But if it looks like this, right? Um, some black and white nonsense, you're on the right path. So, go to AI, ask for your five feeds or however many you want. Come back in here and just put in your URLs. So, what's going to happen then is we're going to run through a loop so that we hit every single RSS feed because each feed could have, you know, five, six, seven, eight, quite a few articles. So, you we're going to do a loop. We're just going to do the batch size of one and then the RSS feed, right? We're just going to be mapping it from the loop and it's this feed that we put into here, right? So, we're mapping that particular URL and it's going to loop through all of them. And you'll see here what the output actually looks like. We get the creator, which is usually the author, the title, the link, the publication date, and then the actual content inside. So, then we have this little true or false module. Now, this is just checking to see if it was published within the last 3 days. That's what's going on here. You could edit that as as you wish. I just want articles that are like relatively fresh. So, I think 3 days is a good cut off. You could put this to one if you want. So, it checks for that. Um, and then if it's false, if it's too late, it just ignores it. And then it sets it to this merge thing. Now, why do we have a merge? As I mentioned before, not every website has an RSS feed. So in those cases, we're going to use Tavi. So this is Tavi. Yet another AI tool for you to put in your toolkit. Now, I really like it because it's kind of similar to Perplexity, but I think it's a little better when it comes to like API web scraping type stuff. So we're going to go to tavly.com. You're going to create account. And the best part about this is is it's essentially free. So you get a,000 credits a month for free per email. So you could kind of abuse that a little bit if you wanted to. Once you sign up, you get the API key right up here. You just need to copy it and you're ready to go. In terms of how many credits go for like, is one search one credit? Kind of. Not really. Um, roughly I would say like two to five credits equals a search. So, you can still do quite a bit with a,000 credits. Now, when we talk about Tavi, um, there's a lot you can actually play around with. So, if you come up here to the left on the API playground, so right here is the query, right? We're like, hey, AI news question mark, right? And you can kind of test out how different settings are going to affect the actual output, right? So, I just did very basic AI news and it gave me this sort of stuff, but I could change the search topic to be like news or finance. I can change the depth, the max results, the time range, right? That's kind of an important one. Um, as well as some additional fields. And if you scroll over these little like info things, it'll give you kind of information. So, if you're interested in really customizing um and nailing down a prompt that makes sense for you, come in here and mess around with it um and fine-tune what you're doing. So, grab your API key, come back into here, go into the HTTP tab, and what you're going to do is you're going to scroll down where it says bearer. You're going to put in your API key here. So, it will be bear space API key, and you're set. Now, down here in kind of this JSON payload, this is where we have the prompt, right? I just wrote latest news headlines about AI blah blah blah blah blah. Don't make up any data. Um, of note when it comes to Tablety, you're limited to 400 characters for your prompt. So, just have that in mind. And then you'll see this is just a basic depth search five results. And then I had it include specific domains. So, if there's specific websites you want to be grabbing news from, just put them here inside the included domains. Right now, I just have like Financial Times, Wall Street Journal, that kind of thing. But, they could be whatever you want. And you'll see right here what the output kind of looks like. You know, same thing. It's giving me titles, URLs, content, all that good stuff. It even scores it like how good of a response I think it is based on your um prompt. And then we're going to merge it with that RSS feeds of note. If you had like a ton of websites you wanted to look like or even kind of like different prompts, you could create multiple tably requests and have like two, three, four of these all combining to a merge node. But we'll keep it simple for now. RSS feeds plus Tavly gets merged and then we send it over here. Now what's this code block doing? So if you were paying attention the data output for Tavi and the data output for RSS feed is a little bit different. So this code what it's doing is it's taking all that data from these two disparate sources and giving us an output that's consistent and gets rid of duplicates and it'll look like this. We now have the title, the source, the link, the content and if possible the publication date. So that gave us 80 different items and now we want to take all that and bring it to chat GBT, bring it to our AI of choice, but we don't want to do it 80 separate times. So we have this aggregate module, right? So we're taking all this data, all these articles we got, and we're just going to put it into one box that we shove into the AI, in this case, all items, right, into a single list, and we're just going to call that box data. So, now that we have the box called data with all our information, we're now going to shove it into this AI chain, which we called summarize articles. I'm using GPT40 mini here. That's the cheapest model. You don't need a super powerful model to deal with text like this. Feel free to even use something like Gemini 2.0 Flash, whatever. But you don't need to pull out the big guns here. No 2.5 Gemini, no Sonnet 3.7. Just simple is good. Now, we take that data, that box, right? That's going to be our input, right? Make sure we have it defined below. And then our system prompt. So this system prompt is made with AI summary in mind. And then it has like the selection criteria. So you need to figure out what articles are important to you and why. And that's what you're going to put here, right? Because it can it's going to take sometimes two, three, 400 articles depending how many RSS feeds you get. What's important to you? What do you want to know about? That's what you write here. Now the output requirements you shouldn't have to change too much. I have 10 to 15 articles. You could play with that as you wish. But headline, source, summary, link, all that you shouldn't have to play around with too much. Now, if this is daunting, right, you see all this, you're like, "Oh man, Chase, I don't know if I can go through and like do all this." Do what I did. So, this whole workflow is one I actually made for a client and it was for an entirely different, you know, set of stuff he was looking at. And I was like, "Okay, well, I want to do a lesson showing off all this stuff, but with AI." So, I took the old system prompt, I shoved it into Google AI Studio. Just copy paste it in. I'm just like, hey man, this is what I was using before, you know, give me something updated for AI. So, do that with yours, right? Just take everything I'm giving you, put it into AI and say, hey, I actually want a newsletter on this or that or whatever, and it'll spit something out. And just be sure to tell it like, hey, keep the output stuff the same. Because the output stuff is kind of like topic agnostic. It's just telling it how how I want it to output the data. So, we do that, what do we get? We get this giant ball of text. Now, we could be done and just shove that into Gmail, but that's going to look ugly, right? If we just have pure markdown, pure text, it doesn't look pretty. It's not going to look like this where it kind of got like the shading there or different boxes, we got the links, right? We want it to actually look nice. So, to that end, we have this code block. Now, this code block takes this text and just puts it into HTML. And it also gives me some nice things about AI news summary, right? It kind of just, you know, does all the bells and whistles. Now, again, are you going to want to do artificial intelligence and AI news summary? Do you want to go through every single line of this and be like, "All right, I need to change this to say whatever." Obviously, you don't. So, again, do what I did. Copy paste this whole thing. Go to Gemini. go to chat GBT and say, "Hey, this is the code that is taking my, you know, AI stuff and turning into pretty HTML for my Gmail, but it's for AI news. I actually want to keep the code's functionality, but I want it to be for topic X now, and then it should be able to work." And also, when you do that, what I tend to do is I'll show it the text as the input um to kind of just give it some context. So again with this codes thing when you whenever you want to like this goes for really any workflow any template and someone gives you something and you want to like customize it a bit do what I do give it to AI just explain what you're trying to do. So the output should look something like this. Email body HTML, right? Just added some nice formatting to it. And now we just have it go to our Gmail. So we're taking that, right? Putting that in the message. And for the subject, we just have it dated. So this obviously is updated every day. Um, and then I just call mine AI report. Call it whatever you wish. And email type will be HTML. If you have it set to text, it's going to look super weird. um append the nit attribution so you don't have some little blurb at the bottom saying this was done with an N workflow and then lastly whatever email you want to send it to test the step and you should see something like this right so um yeah I think this was obviously a quick one fairly simple but I think this is like one of the cool use cases for AI and we're just demonstrating this one and that use case is I have a bunch of unstructured information and I want it structured and presented in a way that I can actually take it in. And this is a great example that I mean this could go through hundreds and hundreds of articles across tons of websites and every morning it's just in your inbox totally customized to you and you don't have to do a thing and the cost on this one is virtually non-existent rights free. Tavly basically free mini is pennies fractions of pennies. So, um, yeah, let me know how this one works for you. I'd love to know what sort of newsletters you create with this. And you don't, you know, don't be afraid of getting like really in the weeds with the HTML to really make this um, thing pop. So, uh, again, as always, let me know if you run into any issues, and I'll see you

=== Self-Host n8n on DigitalOcean & Render (Easy Tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIPfNHxhvtA

hey everybody in this video I'm going to be giving you a step-by-step guide on how to self-host anaden now what is self-hosting why do we care about it well self hosting just means that our naden instance is going to be running on a server of our choosing instead of having naden do it on their Cloud so why do we care about this well two reasons one is it's cheaper for us to self host at scale if you're using these naden automations in agents you're going to burn through the amount of executions you get right 15 2500 sounds like a lot if you're running it all the time day after day you're going to burn through that and you're going to have to pay nadn more and more instead if you're in charge of the compute there's much cheaper options out there I'm going to show you two of them and the second reason is security you might not want to use nad's cloud you might want to have a little more control over what that server looks like in the actual configuration so those are the two reasons security and price I think price is the big one for most people it's just a little bit harder to sell post which is why I'm creating this video it's not overly complex you just have to do a few steps and in the end you'll save a few bucks now do you need to sell post no don't feel like you have to if you're totally fine paying the 20 bucks a month and you're not running into trouble with the current plan on with naden go ahead and use naden you're not really going to lose anything so when it comes to the community version that you'll be self-hosting on do we lose anything with that not really there's some specific variables but those tend to be more in like the Enterprise plan so for your normal everyday user you shouldn't see any sort of difference you just have to kind of go through these guides set it up and also it's on you to do the updated all right so like I mentioned before we're going to have two options here so I'm going to show you how to do it in digital ocean and I'm going to show you how to do it over here in render so of those two I would say render is the easiest it honestly takes a few clicks and we're going to be able to knock this out in a few minutes so if you just want to self host but you want the least technically demanding way to do it I would suggest render so on the other side we have digital ocean it's a little harder to set up we're going to be responsible for creating our domain and doing that whole process but at the end of the day you get a little more bang for your box so if you want to self host and you want the cheapest option I think digital Ocean's the way to go and then if you just want something very simple I suggest render so I'm going to show you how to do both of them we're going to start with render because it's the easiest and then we'll move over to digital ocean okay so let's start with render so go to Google and you're going to search for Docker nadn you should see this thing in dockerhub that says n/n click into that and this is where you're where we're going to pull the docker image you're going to scroll down and you're going to find this thing says docker.io nadn Etc now what is a Docker image a Docker image is essentially like a snapshot of the current version of naden with all of its code all of its configuration they put it into a box and that's a Docker image so we got that and now we're going to go to here going to paste this in there essentially what we're saying is hey take this image deploy it onto your Cloud so don't worry about credentials hit connect name it whatever you want and then you have sort of your instance types right so this is what we're paying for right so we do have a free option the downside with the free option understand that it's going to spin down after certain amount of inactivity so if you don't use it for like I think a day or so it's essentially going to shut that server off like it still exists but if you want to use it again it has to turn it back on run it back up and truthfully you don't get much CPU or Ram so I suggest at least doing the starter if you want start with free mess around with it and always upgrade but that's what I would start off with for sure and you always have options if you want to up your game um don't worry about advanced settings unless you kind of know what you're doing and then we'll do deploy web service so so if you hit something that wasn't free it's going to ask for your card I'm actually just going to do free for the demo and then it's going to start deploying it so um you'll see this in progress It's just going to go through all this it'll take about five minutes and then it will be ready to go right EV we get to this part it should have taken like 5 six minutes and we have our instance ready to go right up here so just click into that and again we're on the free tier so it might take a second but yeah from here we just set it up um sure next you can put this stuff in here if you want yeah get me my P features for free and boom there's NN Now understand when you do the self host if you're coming from the web version you are going to have to redo your credentials which is a pain in the but um so just get ready for that but everything else works the same right like I can um take all my workflows import them into here right no issue at all um the credential part is just the part that's annoying so just like that super easy with render like you saw you are now self-hosting edit end in this case for Zar across the board so now let's take a look at digital ocean but oh hold on before we do that let's go through how you would actually update this right um all you would do is come up here where it SE it says manual deploy deploy latest reference right that's is what would allow you to actually update it to the newest end version so render very cool very easy just a little less powerful than digital ocean which we'll look at now all right so sign up with whatever account you want and when you sign up it is going to ask for a credit card it's not going to charge you anything right away just put that information in there all right once you give them your credit card you're going to see this page go to to the control panel then once you get here you're going to go create go to droplets choose whichever Region's closest to you um and then you can keep all this the same Ubuntu we'll do the basic plan and we need to choose an image so go to marketplace right here and then just type in NN this will come up and we're just going to have that selected so basic is fine and then here you're going to choose the amount of compute power you want regular is totally fine and then six bu six bucks a month should do it and again you have options for more compute if you feel like you need it um go down so create a root password um you will need to remember this one um also note it's kind of a complicated password you have to put in there um and then don't worry about the advanced options and that's going to be it then just do create droplet and now it's just spinning up um the nadn image just like we did before with searching for the docker image Insight render so we'll wait for this to finish and then we'll continue all right once that's done just click on your droplet it'll take you to this page and now we need to set up a domain right because because unfortunately this doesn't work as easily as render which has all that done for you on the back end where it just gives you the link right away instead we have to essentially create a domain and then hook it up so this goes to that domain so if you already have a domain name that's great it's going to be really easy but maybe you don't and so you're literally going to have to go out and buy one and we'll do that right now so the website that you can use um that's pretty cheap it's just called namecheap.com um it's legit so basically you just put in a name you search for it and then it's going to come up with a bunch of possible um you know domains for you ranging and how expensive they are right if I wanted Chase i. Inc that's $1,500 a year no thanks but there's some cheaper options right like there this one's six bucks a year so what you'll do is find a domain you like add it to the cart pay for it and then once you have that then I'll show you what we do next all right so once you pay for your new domain don't feel like you need to buy any of the advanced DNS stuff don't buy any of the other options just get the basic package so you get your domain as cheap as possible you'll then see this dashboard page once you log back in so you're going to find the domain you got for me it was Chase ai. site and then you're just going to go to manage once you click on your domain this probably won't be active yet um that's because you're going to have to confirm your registration details so make sure you do that should be just an email and then don't worry about any of this other stuff um names servers just have that set to name cheap basic DNS and then go ahead and go to Advanced DNS so here is where we're going to have to add a new record and your record needs to look just like mine you're just going to click add new record it's going to be an a record poost will be n8n and then your IP address is going to be what we saw in digital ocean so here we are in digital ocean this is the IP address you need to copy this ipv4 so just copy that in there and then set TTL set at the automatic or 1 minute is fine save that and then you should be all set once you've confirmed everything it should say active now once you have it to active we're going to go back into digital ocean all right once we're back inside of digital ocean go to console you're going to get this to open up this is a terminal very scary coders only but for subdomain we're just going to leave it default and you're going to hit enter NE next is going to ask for your subdomain and that's just what we bought right so for me it's Chase ai. site hit enter then it's asking for an email address um doesn't really matter which one you put um just something that you know hit enter and then would you like to configure a time zone yes or no um I'm just going to put no for now feel free to do that and then what it's doing is it's now it's going to Docker automatically pulling that image just like we did in render and setting it it all up so this will take a couple minutes and then I will show you what to do next once it's complete all right now it's done and it gives us the website to go to so just copy it and we're going to check it out again it's going to say dangerous site don't worry about that right now details um just like before fill this out with whatever whatever we don't care sure send it to me and boom there you go you are now self-hosted with digital ocean not too bad same stuff as before you're going to have to redo your credentials but you can upload all of your old workflows now how do we update our image if we become out of date with naden and we're using digital ocean well let me show you so what you're going to do is we're going to go back to the console and what I have up here is I just have um some of the commands that we'll be using so I'm going to have these commands inside of the school for you to check out but you're going to have to put these into here and essentially it's going to take you to the right folder and then pull the latest updates from um Docker so the first thing we have to do is we have to go into the uh Docker compose file so I just pull that from here and just right click and it paste and so what that is doing that command is just finding the right folder for us which is the naden docker caddy folder now once we're there we now need to go to that folder so that's what the CD um right here does that's just changing the directory um so how we should be there well oops that was the wrong one on command so it's actually going to be this guy CD op so how did I get that so if you see this first one right here where we had to find the correct file the line below it right you're getting a little coding class right now this is the directory the folder that it's in right we wanted to find this stalker compose file it's in this folder so the next command you have to do is going to be CD which is change directory and then we just put this in there this slop sledit and Dr caddy again I'll put this in this school and if you ever get confused like a troubl shooting tip like you get this far and it's not working with the school just take a screenshot of this feed it to Claude feed it to chat GPT explain what you're trying to do and it's going to help you out so do that we're now in the correct folder now the next thing we need to do is we need to pull that image from Docker so just going to paste in the next command hit enter pulling it hey we got what we needed next we need to apply the update so that's the next command and all done so it was already up to date so there really wasn't much for it to do but that's how we do it now as you saw not super hard but still a little more technical a little more scary for the non-coders out there um working with digital lotion but we get it like I said little more power for for what we're paying for so um that's how you update it those are the two different ways you self host hopefully that was easy enough for you to follow like I said I'll have a bunch of links um in the school I'll also link to an's official docs on it although I will say their docs are a little out of date um also there might be some questions that how do I locally host like on your actual computer um let me know in the comments if that's something you're interested in learning because we could also do a lesson going down that path where all the interet stuff never leaves your actual you know device um but selfposting I think hits the nail on the head for a lot of people um and so check it out like I said if nothing else check out the render free tier just to kind of get some reps on it and see if you like it so um yeah as always let me know in the comments what you think and I will see you around

=== How to Authenticate Google Credentials in n8n (Step-by-Step Guide ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13Dlunk_IHM

hey everyone in this video I'm going to give you a quick rundown of how to set up your Google credentials this isn't going to be a full-blown lesson with a new automation or anything but working in the Google cloud and getting these credentials set up is super important for pretty much all of our automations and honestly it can be kind of annoying I've gone through how to do it in some lessons in the past but I figured a standalone video that anyone can reference at any point in their Journey would help out a lot of people also at the end even if you've already gone through the automations before and set up your credentials you probably haven't on testing mode and if so you've also noticed that every seven days or so you need to log back into your drive into your Gmail to get stuff working well I'm going to show you in this video how to quickly publish it and that way you won't have to relog into the system anymore testing's good when we're just getting started and doing some troubleshooting and stuff but once you have an Automation and a AI agent you actually like you're going to want to publish it just so you don't have to deal with that Hassle and I'll show you how to do it it's going to take you like 30 seconds and you can see how to do it at the very end Okay so let's do this by connecting our Google Drive and our Gmail accounts and the way you're going to get here is just go to the plus button over here and search up Google Drive and then Gmail so this is assuming you haven't connected anything yet and you'll notice the difference with some of the accounts based on how restricted Google considers the scope so for example to do Gmail and let's say I wanted to create a new account right new credential I just have to sign into Google they make it super easy and the issue is though some some stuff like Google drive right if I try to do a new credential you'll see I have this redirect URL requires client ID client secret how do I do that well I'm going to show you step by step and the way we're going to do it is hit the open docs here and as I've mentioned before like the endn end docs are actually really really good so if you're ever confused with like how do I log in the video didn't do it you know it didn't show me well enough just come in here and it'll show you step by step and so to do it we're going to have to go to the Google Cloud and it's can bring to this page you're going to hit console top right you're going come up here to the top left you're going to see this open up and you're going to hit new project we'll just call this one ABC D1 two3 you can call it whatever you want you don't need to put a location um no organization fine hit create um this over here it's going to create your new project and as it's creating it just hit select project you'll know you're on your project if it shows it up here in the top left next we're going to hit the navigation menu on the left go to apis and services and then come down to ooth consent screen you should see this we'll hit get started app name you can call it whatever you want call it like demo demo um email is just some email you actually use hit next we want external next same emails before next I agree continue create all right next thing you're going to do is you're going to set up an ooth client so hit create ooth client application type we're going to do web application and then you can skip the JavaScript you come down here to authorize redirect URI hit the plus button and then this is where you're going to go back to nadn and you're going to copy this thing this redirect URL go back to Google Cloud paste it in and then hit create cool now we're going to click into here and we're going to do you're going to see your client ID here and your client secret so take a note of where we find these because we're eventually going to go back into NN and put those in there all right next hit audience on the left and then for test users go to add users and just put in that same email it's save next thing we have to do is actually like enable the apis so just come to the search bar and search for Drive API Google Drive API hit enable and then we're just going to do that for the apis we actually want so Google Drive Gmail calendar Etc so we do Gmail API enable and then we'll do calendar API and that should be most of them the Google Drive API itself um encompasses a lot of of different um apis so once you do that go back to clients click on web client one and then you have your ID and your secret so what do we need for NN we need our ID we need our secret so let's copy the client ID put that in there secret put that in there and then hit sign in with Google this should pop up choose the account hit continue select all continue cool you're now connected now when it comes to signing into like Gmail and stuff you should be able to just hit sign in with Google right away now that's for testing mode and this is good when you're just setting stuff up and like you're trying to like bug fix and all that but once you have your um like AI agent or automation where you want we can actually go ahead and publish this and it's super easy we're just going to go to audience you're going to go to publish app and then you're going to hit confirm and that's it so now that it's published you won't have to go back every seven days into your automations and relog into like Google Drive and all these things which makes it easier when you're using them for real now for whatever reason you want to go back to testing you just come back to this page and hit back to testing and it's as easy as that so hopefully that clears up any questions you had about actually getting your Google account set up I know it can be a little confusing and honestly Google cloud is not the most intuitive and I get why it could be somewhat intimidating um but as always check the docs the docks at n really are good so um yeah hopefully this this helps you out and we'll see you in the lessons

=== This AI Agent Is Your New Design Team (n8n tutorial) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqUNnbPF67g

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to show you this really cool workflow that I created inside of NADN that allows us to make our own AI design department. We combined the new GPT image generation API with Air Table to allow us to create marketing material for almost any product we want. In the last couple months, we've all been blown away by how good the new image generation is inside of Chat GPT. And this automation allows us to leverage that at scale and also include images in our API request. So we cannot just make things from prompts, but we can give the API our own image that we wanted to edit or build off of. And so I think a great use case for something like this is like building images, building advertising materials in something like Amazon, right? So for my own example, my brother and I, we're in the process of creating our own like creatine gummy brand and one of the big players in the market right now is create. And so when we've been talking about, hey, what do we want to do for our own advertising? the natural thing to do is go look at what the people who are number one in that category, go look what they're doing and do your best to like copy it or do something in that same vein. So, what you're able to do with this automation is take something like this for example, like this exact ad, go into Air Table, add it, and then add your own imagery. In this case, this is our branding. and then create an automation that sends those images alongside a prompt that says like, "Hey, I want you to take my product and replace it in this image and then have it actually spit out a bunch of different variations of that." And so what you see here is exactly that, right? It replaced the create stuff with the max branding and gives me a bunch of different variations. And I can continue to iterate on that, right? Like I could take these images, put it into Air Table as well, and give it more edits and more prompts. And I think this is a really cool automation because with Air Table, we allowed to have all this in a central location, right? I'm not just going into chat GBT, continuously dumping in images, having to scroll up and down the chat window to find what I did. No, this is all in one place. Super easy to figure out, hey, where do I put my prompt images? Where do I put my prompt? What I want the size to be, the number of images, the quality, etc. And then all the endgame results are right here in the same place for you to compare. So, I think it's super cool and it's actually really easy to use. So, we're going to go through this step by step. I'm going to show you how it works from beginning to end and then we're going to go through each of the modules in the sub workflow so you can actually build this yourself on your own. And so, what you're looking at is actually kind of a big picture overview of this workflow. Right up top here in the blue and the green, we have the orchestrator agent. So, this is where all the information from Air Table is going to be sent. And here inside the AI agent, it's going to decide to put it down one of two paths. You're either going to go down the edit image path or the create image path. Now the edit image path is if we give the API images t to work with right like if we look here at air table when I have these prompt images right these these images I was working with that would be an edit image thing I'm saying hey take these two images look at them combine them do whatever that's the edit image path and then the other path which you see right here on the right is the create image path that's just a simple prompt to image generation workflow right I just give it a prompt saying I want you to create a b or c and it's going to go through this little workflow send the prompt open API create the image and it will populate back inside of air table as well. So that's big picture how it works. Now let's actually dive into how the air table is set up and then we'll go through each of the modules one by one so you can see what's going on under the hood. But just as a quick plug for my school if you're looking for the template and other deep dives into all sorts of AI agents, I suggest you check out my community. I have a link for it down below in the description. I not only have the template for it, but I have templates for all sorts of AI agents, right? Everything from music creation to lead generation to written content. It's all here and it's all built for, you know, nontechnical users, someone who's new to the space in mind. So, go ahead and check it out. All right. So, let's begin this tutorial by going through Air Table because this is where we put all of our information and this is where all the information is being pulled from. So, it's pretty simple. From on the beginning on the lefth hand side, we just have a name, right? You can name this whatever you want. This is for your own like organization. After this, we have the action. And there's two options you can choose from, which is generate from scratch or edit/ combine photos. As you saw before, what you put here for the action, that's going to determine which route it goes down, right? Are we creating from scratch or are we combining the images? So, that's where you make that decision here. Then we have the prompt images. So, for this, all you have to do is drag and drop images into this box and it will automatically populate. Next, we have our prompt. And here, you can just write whatever you want. For this one, I just said, "Hey, you're being given two images. One with Max Gummies branding, another that's a create ad. I want you to replace the create packaging with the Max Gummies packaging." Next up, give the number of images. Right? This can it'll default to one image, but you can really do as many images as you want. Just understand for every image you create, there's a cost associated with that. If you're doing stuff at high quality, that'll be anywhere from like 15 to 20. Next, we have the size of the image. That will be 1024 x 1024. Then, you have your quality. You can choose from low, medium, or high. It's going to default to high. Then you have your status. So, the way this whole thing works is you have to have this set to ready. And then you're going to have to click the start button for the automation to begin working. And once it's done, it will then automatically change this to done. And here inside the execute tab, this is where we put in the web hook information. So if we take a look here, you will see this URL formula. And this is linked to the web hook, the production web hook. And then down here, we're telling it all the information we're going to be passing to NADN. Right? So once I click execute, once I click start, it hits the web hook and it sends all this information. And again, if this isn't set to ready, it will be kind of grayed out. You won't actually be able to start it. This is just to make sure you have all your ducks in a row before you get this image generation running and you're not just burning credits for no reason. And then lastly, we have our images created. And like I said, this will continuously update. So if I run this automation once for three images, three image will populate. And if I run it again, it will just keep adding it to here. So these don't get deleted at all, which is nice because you can go ahead and look at which ones you actually like and eventually take the one you do like, put it into another automation, another run to edit it to where it's really, really good. And so that's how the air table works in a nutshell. Again, the big things you need to do, make sure you have the correct action there. Make sure you have the status in the correct spot, and then you just hit start. So now, let's dive into each of these workflows. Now, just as a heads up, in reality, all of these are actually set up inside of their own workflows. I just have them all on the same canvas right now, so it's easier for you to see how they all connect to one another. So, to start, we have our web hooks. So, we have this get web hook. And again, this is the test URL. And when you go to production, you want to make sure you put that inside of your air table URL. For respond, we're going to respond to web hook node. And we immediately have another respond web hook node. And what we have right here in this text box. What happens here is when I come here and I hit start, you will notice a page comes up and it gets deleted. All that's telling you is that's giving you some sort of visual that hey, this automation is actually running. We got the request. Thumbs up on both sides and we're continuing to execute. And then next, what happens is that information gets pushed to this AI agent right here. And again, this one is pretty simple. Alls we're doing is we want it to take the data we push from our table and then push it down to the correct subworkflow where all the work actually gets done. And so you'll see here the only thing we're really pushing right now is just the action and the record ID. And remember the action is going to be combine or edit photos and then generate from scratch, right? And then the ID is unique to each run on Air Table. So here's the system prompt. All it's saying is, hey, here's what you can expect to be in the user prompt, right? the action and the record ID and this is your task. Pick the correct tool to use. So we have our two tools right here, the edit image tool and the create image tool. You also have the think tool here. I like the think tool on any AI agent that has multiple tools and ask actually has to make some decisions about which one to choose. It lets it like use it as like a scratch pad, right? Puts it thoughts down on paper, so to speak. So it makes sure it's actually doing what you ask it. In all honesty, complete overkill in this AI Asian, right? We only have two tools to use and it's pretty obvious which one it should choose. However, I like this setup because this allows us later down the line to add more and more tools related to content generation, marketing, all that. And eventually, as that tool uses, that like tool box that it has to choose from gets bigger and bigger. Something like think can actually help out. So, it's kind of good just to have that in there now is sort of a best practice. So, for the chat model, we're just going to be using 4.1 mini. Um, sampling temperature is 0.2 too because I just want it to do exactly what it needs to do, right? It doesn't need to be creative whatsoever. Memory buffer five. And remember for the key, we just want it to respond to web hook and it's going to be based off the record ID. Then inside the edit image tools, we just have a description from the list. It's going to be the correct workflow. Same thing over here for the create image, just a description of what it does and then linking it to the correct flow. So that's all that's happening here with the actual orchestrator. Very simple. takes the data from air table decides which tool it needs to use and then it pushes the request down to that tool. So here we are inside of the edit/ combine images subworkflow and so let's go through each module right so executed by another workflow remember when the orchestrator agent calls down to this one when it does that we're now going to grab all that air table data and so what you see here is from the list it's just my nadn plus gbt doing the image parameters and then we have the filter here right the filter is status equals ready so right here it's only going to pull this information if we have the status this to ready. Like I said before, it needs to be ready for us to even execute. But this way, it knows which row to actually pull the information from. And if you've never set up Air Table before inside of Naden, I'll run you through it real fast. It's actually really easy. Um, again, we're just going to go to the open docs and then you'll see here how we go through it, right? We're just going to be using the personal access token information. So, just these seven steps. Don't worry about OOTH 2. So, you're going to follow the link to the personal access tokens page. You're going to come up here and you're going to go to create new token, right? And then we're just going to add some scopes. And if you go through here, it'll tell you the exact scopes you need, which is just data records read, write, and then schema bases read. But honestly, you can kind of add more if you feel like you need to, right? We'll do schema bases, right, as well. Um, we're also going to want to be able to do like web hooks. I mean, truthfully, you can kind of add as much as you as you want here, but at the very least, just follow the docs and do read, write, and then schema bases read. From there, we're going to be able to give it some access. So, you have the ability to just hit add all resources, and that will give it access to everything. But you may want to limit the access, in which case, just go to add a base and then choose which one you want to do. Then all you got to do is hit create token, copy this in there, come back here and put that inside the access token and you're done. That's as easy as it is for air table. Super simple setup. And so again for here, right, boop boop boop, we want the status to be ready. And let's actually test it out here. And so if we test this step, we'll see kind of all the information we get over here on the right. You know, ids, prompt images, all that good stuff we'll need to pass down the line. All right, the next thing we have is an image array. Now, why do we have that? We have this in case we're feeding it multiple images like we are here, right? Because I'm pulling from this first row, right? So, we have these two images. So, we want to create an array of both of these. So, already have that set up for you here inside of the template. So, we're just going to do test step. So, do test step and you'll see we now have an array with both URLs from the air table. All right. Now that we actually were able to pull out those URLs and put it into a box, now we kind of want to split them out, right? Which sounds kind of counterintuitive like why did we make it array before we could split it out? Well, we were making it array so we could actually pull it out from that mass of air table data we had, right? Had all that data, wanted to grab the URLs. Now we want to split the URLs out because now we need to download them before we send them off the open API. Right? So we have the split out module here. So it's going to split out those two URLs or however many we have. and then it's going to loop through them in an HTTP request. Now, if we look at the HTTP request, all it is is it's taking that JSON URL and downloading it. That's all that's happening here. So, if we test that, we'll see it grabbed the one item. And then if we view it, cool. There's our packaging. And when you run this for real, it'll actually go through both of them. So, it would get that create ad as well. So, then we have this aggregate node. Why? because now that we downloaded two separate images, now we want to package them back together because we're going to go send them off inside the same API request. So, we have an aggregate and then we have this switch right here. So, what's going on here? Well, if I'm doing an API request to OpenAI and I want it to edit an image or I'm giving it a prompt and I'm giving it some sort of reference image, each API is going to be different depending on if it's one image being sent, two images being sent, three images being sent. And so while you could do something like a complicated code block that kind of has everything set up for you and it's dynamic, we're going to do this to keep it kind of simpler and stay inside of the NAM box. So the first thing you'll notice is that we have some open AI credentials right here. Um there is no native OpenAI module inside of NAND for the new image generator, which is why we're using the HTTP request. You need an OpenAI account to do that. If you haven't done that yet, just set it up the same way I did. Hit this button right here and then go to open docs. This will take you through the steps of how to get an OpenAI credential. Super easy, not much more difficult than Air Table. And then below here, we just have all our parameters, right? It's mapping the prompt, it's grabbing the image, and it's telling it the model and the parameter type. So for this parameter type, n is the amount of images we want. Now, there's more parameters you can add. If you're interested in that, you can kind of do a deep dive in the API documentation if that's something that interests you. And I'll put a link to that below as well. So now let's talk about create image 2. Why do we have a one and why do we have a two? Well, this is in case we're sending it one reference image. This is in case we're sending it two reference images. And the big difference here is you'll notice there's a second image parameter, right? So you have image and then data and then you have image and then data one. Now, if I wanted a third image, right, what would we do? We would make another parameter and call that data 2, data 3, etc. Now, why don't we have like 10 of those just in case? Well, because I'm lazy and didn't want to do 10 different options. But that's how you would do it. You would copy paste this, right? Where did you go? Right. We would come in here. We would go down to add parameter. It would be binary file. We would do image just like we did there. And then would be data 2, right? That's how you would set it up. And the one other thing you would need to do is come in here to the switch, right? Because this is what's determining whether we have one or two images. We have this basic expression here which counts how many images we have. So I would just add another routing rule. Put this in here. Is equal to three. Rename the output to three images. And then I would link that. Right? So again, images come in, the switch counts how many images there are, and you can edit that by continuing to add more rules, and then it pushes it to each individual API request. Each API request is different depending on how many photos you're sending, right? And so again, if I wanted four now, what do I do? Add parameter. So that's how that works. Um, not too difficult if this is something you want to customize. So now we have the split out module because we sent an API request down here to OpenAI for three images, right? Well, now we need to split out the three images, convert them to binary so we can actually view them and then upload them all to Air Table. So if we go to convert file and we test the step, we're going to convert it to binary because if we don't do that, if you have this raw data over here, a you can't view it as an image and b if you try to go in here and mess with the JSON, it's literally thousands upon thousands of lines. it's really going to slow down your computer. So that's why we have this convert file here. So within the automation, we can actually view the different images, right? So I can go in here, see all the different ones, see if it totally jacked it up, see what I like, etc. So split out the three images, converted all three images. Now we're going to upload all three images. And again, you'll notice that this is not an Air Table node, it's an HTTP request. Now, why is it an HTTP request and not an Air Table node? because the air table module doesn't give us the ability to upload binary data, right? This one was like way more difficult than it ever should have been and took me quite a while to figure out, but the way it's working. So, first of all, up here in the URL, we're sending this to Air Table right here, this app uh blah blah blah, you will have to change this. This is your like um base ID essentially. So if you go into air tableable and you look at the URL after the air tableable.com backslash, you'll see this string of numbers. It'll start with app. So app uh blah blah blah blah blah and another backslash. Copy paste that into here, right? That's what needs to go into here. And so again, predefined credential type. You should have your Air Table access token already set up and ready to go. And then down here, we're just pushing this JSON payload. So, you'll notice that this file doesn't reference the binary conversion here. It's actually referencing the raw base 64 crazy nonsense that we didn't even want to look at cuz it was so big for whatever reason. That's the only way we're actually able to pass that to um Air Table, but it works. So, just do what I did. So, if we test this step, we'll see it actually populates. And we could go back into air table, we should now see that we have even more images. Right now we're up to like nine. So pretty cool. And then the last step, it just updates the status to done. That's all that's happening. All right. So that's everything for the complicated edit/ combine images workflow. Let's look really quickly at the create images from scratch. Again, this one's super simple. All we're doing is we're pushing a prompt and having it send the response back to us. So similar to last time when executed by workflow we have the same thing where we're pulling all this air table data and then we're sending that API request right away but the only thing we care about pushing right is that prompt and we also push you know the number of images we want the size the quality all that and then just like before we split it out in case you wanted more images right if I wanted one two or three we need to split them out cuz we need to convert them one by one just like you saw in the previous workflow again we have conversion. Again, we have that Air Table HTTP request that's actually going back and getting that raw data to send the image up to Air Table. And again, make sure you come in here and copy paste that from your Air Table URL yet again. Just like before, updates the status to done. So, I know I ran through that real quick in like 60 seconds, but it's pretty much the exact same thing as the previous sub workflow. We're just only setting a prompt, which actually makes it a lot easier for us is we don't have to worry about cycling through those images on the front end, downloading them, pushing them, having it split out in case it's one or two images, right? Really easy. Prompt, image, done. And so in this example, right, I told it to generate it from scratch. I wanted an evil looking robot and wanted it to look like a John Martin painting. Told them I wanted three of them. And then you'll see right here kind of what we got. So that's it. That's the workflow. I think it's really cool, right? I think there's actually a ton of awesome use cases with this, especially when it comes to doing things that require a reference image, right? A lot of stuff with design and marketing, if we can show GBT, you know, an image we really like along with an image of our branding and our product and being able to combine the two or even give it like a ton of images like a mood board, right? And have it then generate stuff based off of that. I think that's really cool. And while you can do that inside of chat GPT, I think being able to do it inside of like the Air Table infrastructure, have it all on one page, be able to change things one by one, being able to easily compare items across the board and see what worked and what didn't. I think that makes it really useful for someone who's doing this in reality with a real business. So again, um, let me know if you have any questions about this one. There are a lot of modules. There's a lot of like pushing data back and forth and downloading HTTP requests. So, I know that can be confusing sometimes, but hopefully it works for you. Again, the template is available for download in the school.

=== The Ultimate n8n LinkedIn Scraper + Cold Outreach Automation ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94orbpFSqxo

Hey everybody. In today's lesson, I have a really cool AI workflow to share with you because it's all about cold outreach. Now, cold outreach is really difficult to do well, right? Because it's something we want to do with scale, yet we want each message to be customized, right? We don't want generic spam that people are going to immediately ignore. And that problem is what this workflow sets out to solve. So, here's how this workflow works in a very high level. You give it some sort of query, right? I'm looking for CEOs or founders of software companies in Chicago. You know, I'm really looking for some sort of decision maker, right? Someone who can sign an invoice and actually pay for what I'm selling. And so, we then send that query to a custom Google search engine which uses Google to find LinkedIn profiles that fit that description. It gives us names and LinkedIn URLs. We then take those names and URLs and we give it to Apify. And Ampify actually scrapes their LinkedIn profile. So we get a bunch of information about them in a professional sense, right? Where do they actually work? What sort of the posts are they making? All that sort of stuff. So at that point, we now have their name and we now have their company and some personal information. So from there, we then do a background search on their company via Tavi, right? We try to look at not just what their company does, but like what's kind of like the public perception. What do their actual customers think about them, right? So we do a deep dive on their company. And so now we have a ton of company information and also a bunch of like professional information on the individual. We take all that and we combine it with our offer. What are we selling? We give that to AI to then craft a like customized email that speaks to them and our business. And we do that at scale, right? We do that for everyone. We push this through. It takes about 10 to 20 seconds for each person. And so we've now with this AI automation kind of solved that scale issue and that customizability issue, right? How do we make custom emails, custom outreach that people care about at scale? That's what this workflow does. So I'm going to show you how this all works. We're going to go through each of the modules. I'm going to go through what sort of tools you need, what sort of APIs you got to get, how the code works in this video. And so to start, I'm going to show you what the end product looks like inside of Google Sheets because we actually track all the information we get. And then what we'll do is we'll kind of follow how data travels from the beginning of this workflow all the way to the end so you get a really good sense of how this all works. So here we are inside of Google Sheets and this is where all the information we track and gather is going to end up going. Now I've done some anonymizing on here. So like the names, the LinkedIn URLs and the emails aren't what we actually gather just so people aren't getting doxed here, but the rest of it is legit, right? So we get their name, the URL, and their email. We get a full LinkedIn summary. It's going to give us a professional snapshot. It's going to give us some ideas for how we can do the outreach and some sort of unique connector, right? Like how do we connect to them, right? And that's really important because we don't just want some generic copypaste email. We then go into their company. We have a small LinkedIn message, right? So if you don't want to do an email and you actually wanted to talk to them via LinkedIn, we actually generate that as well and that will come into effect later in the event that we can't find their email, right? People don't always have an email that can be accessed even with all the hits we try to do it. So this is kind of like a last stitch effort to talk to them via LinkedIn. We generate a message for that. Then we have a company overview, right? This is where we do a deep dive, right? Like what are they about? What sort of recent projects have they been doing? What sort of professional services do they offer? And then we go into even like what is like the public statement about this company, right? What sort of issues do they have and how can we solve them? We also search for some sort of company email, right? If we can't get a personal email, well, do we at least have someone we could reach out to at the company? We then have a tracker, right? Did we actually scrape it? And then we have the email email outreach here as well. So, this is the email that's generated. And again, all this is customizable. You can go in here and change what sort of data is actually being pulled, how the email actually sounds, and I'll show you how to do that as we go in the workflow. Lastly, we have a campaign name. So, at the beginning of every like scraping run, you'll be asked like, "What do you want to call this campaign?" Now, why do we have that? Well, I'll go into it in a little bit, but basically, it allows this to kind of be like intelligent in terms of where it searches in Google. So when you say hey I want 50 founders of you know gyms in Chicago and then you come back the next day and ask hey I want 50 founders of gyms in Chicago you don't get the exact same results right so we have to do some sort of like pagenation logic and all that long story short it just makes it so every time you ask for what you're asking for you're getting something that's new so you can actually send some emails and so now let's actually look at the workflow and how the data moves through it and so before we go into the workflow I just want to do a quick plug for my school. So, if you'd like the actual template of the workflow you're seeing right now, you can actually find it in my school. There's a link down below in the description. And I also have tons of other AI agent lessons, right? How to do personal agents, video generation stuff, rag, etc. All of them have deep dives, all of them have templates. So, if that's something you're interested in, check it out, you know. Um, love to see you there. Okay, let's actually dive into this bad boy. Right. So, how does it start? Well, the way we have it started is with a form submission that you'll see right here now. I have the data pinned here, and this is what's going to be filled out, right? You're going to have some sort of campaign name or identifier, right? Like we talked about before. In this case, it was just test. You're going to do some sort of keyword or job titles. And for this instance, I did software, company, founders. We want a location. And then we want the number of new profiles you want to find, right? Like that's essentially just how many profiles do you want, right? How many leads are we trying to get here? And so then you submit that form and you'll see what the pinned information is for me. And also understand that the fact that it's a form submission that's kind of done for simplicity, but this could be anything, right? You could have this be uh a Slack message where every time you wanted this to be run, you just send it into a channel. This could be um an interface on a web app. There's tons of ways to do this trigger. We simply use the form submission for simplicity because it's the easiest thing. And if you were to change this, all you would have to change is over here in this message model, which actually takes that data and kind of like synthesizes it into stuff we can work with. So that's how it starts. We fill out the form. What do we want? Who do we care about? What are we trying to find? It then branches into three different things. Let's talk about it from the top. So up top, this is just to make sure we don't have any duplications, right? Like it's going to create a set of all the URLs we already have and eventually it's going to compare it to the URLs we find. That way you don't have a sheet that's constantly populating with the same people right now down here what's happening. So first thing is this message model and all this is doing is it's taking this input and it's spitting out some more information in a way that we can manipulate that data later. Right? So it's being like hey well what do we what's the job title? What's the company industry? What's the location? How many profiles you want to scrape? Now why do we do that? It's a little redundant in this case, but really this is here in case you don't have a form submission and you just give it a long query. This is going to be able to like, okay, what are they actually asking for? Let me split it up into different parts. You know, one part job title, one part location, etc. Because eventually we're going to feed that to the Google custom search engine. And down here, kind of similar to up top, this is just going to be counting how many like hits we already have in our Google sheet for that particular run, right? So, if I was doing a campaign for like the software, you know, founders, right? In this case, I called that campaign test. This is going to go in there and check like, okay, how many does he already have? Let's say he already had 100, you know, leads. Well, let now that I'm asking for a 100 more. It needs to know how many leads we already have to determine where it needs to start its Google search so we aren't getting all those duplications. If all that's very confusing, all you need to know, what's happening here is we're just doing a bunch of kind of logic to make sure we aren't getting the same leads over and over. That's all that's happening. So, as we do that query, what we really care about is this HTTP request. Now, this is the Google custom search engine. This is where we're actually going to start searching for those founders, for those decision makers, and finding their LinkedIn URLs. And so that's what's happening here. Now, I'm going to go in a second, show you how to set it up, but I want to kind of walk you through this module first, right? So, first we have this key right here. That's going to be the API key we generate. And the CX right here is the code for our custom Google search engine. And then right here, Q, that's the query, right? So, the way the custom Google search engine works is we're going to have it only search LinkedIn and then we're pasting in the job title, the industry, and the location. In this case, it was software company founder Chicago in the software industry. Right? So, it's the same thing as just doing a Google search with this exact query. And then as you come down here, this is where we're doing some of that page nation logic. And so you'll see right here the value when I ran this, it starts at 11. Now what does that mean? Well, each time I run the custom search engine, the first page is going to give me 10 hits. So if I want to start at the second page, I would need the start to be at, you know, number 11. And so if we look back here on the actual sheet, you'll see I have about 20 leads. And when I ran it originally, I was at 10. So, what this told it was, hey, I know I have 10 leads. You want 10 more. Okay, where do we start? We start at 11. And then down here, max pages to fetch. That will be based off of how many leads you ask for. In this case, I asked for 10 more. So, I had 10. I wanted 10 more. So, we started at 11. And since I wanted 10, that would require one page of hits. If I had asked for 20 leads, this would have been two. So, you don't have to touch this at all. That logic's already in there ready to go. But that's how it's working under the hood. So again, quick overview with this very important module. We're putting the query in here. We're searching for Google for these actual decision makers. And then we got some logic where it tells it, hey, where to start in that Google search. So now let's actually set up this Google custom search engine. Really easy to do. And again, this is pretty much free. You can get a,000 hits a day before you're actually going to have to start paying for this. So to start this off, you're going to go to the Google Cloud. I will have a link for it both in the school and down in the description. And then what you're going to do is you're going to make sure you're on the project that you've been doing all your nad credentials in. Select that one. And then you're going to come up here to the search bar and you're going to do custom search API. Click on custom search and you're just going to make sure this API is enabled. All right. Next thing you're going to do is you're going to follow the link to the actual custom search engine dashboard. You should be able to find some sort of page on here that says create a new search engine or add a new search engine. You're just going to hit add. Call it whatever you want. So, we'll call this nan outreach demo. We want to search the entire web. Let them know you're not a robot. And then you're going to hit create. Um, this is in case you were actually putting the search engine uh you needed the code to put it on a web page. So, if you're doing some sort of web app application, this would be actually kind of relevant. But for us, we're just going to go to customize. And so, what do we care about here? Well, we care about the search engine ID. So, first of all, copy this and then go back into here. And that search engine ID is going to go right here, right under CX. Now, as we come back, you're just going to go down to get started, and you're going to get a key. So, hit get a key, select the project you're on, hit next, and then you're going to get a key. Copy this, come in here, paste it under key, and now you're all set to go. Now, if you ever lose that API key, just come back to your Google Cloud, go to APIs and services, go to credentials, and it's going to be over here in the API key section. And so, there you go. Just like that, your custom search engine is set up. Super easy, and it's free. All right. So, now that we sent our data to the custom search engine, well, let's actually click back into here, and you can kind of see what it's going to be giving you, right? Right. You can see, all right, got Google custom search. it searched in LinkedIn and then it had that query. Well, what did it actually get me? Well, as you scroll down, you'll start to see it gives us some hits with people's titles, their, you know, links, a little snippet, etc. So, that's what we're pulling. And, you know, one question you're going to hear a lot when it comes to these LinkedIn scrapers is like, LinkedIn is super serious when it comes to terms of service stuff. How do you get around that? Like, I don't want my account to get banned. Well, this is one way we do it, right? We're pulling these URLs and these titles off of Google custom search engine metadata. We're never going into LinkedIn with our own account and never throughout this workflow do we go into LinkedIn with our own credentials and put our account in a compromised situation. So that's how we get around it. We get around it with a custom search engine. And then as you'll see here in a second when we use Appify, it's Appify's accounts that are going in there and getting the information. It's never yours. So you don't have to worry about getting banned or suspended or anything like that. So we get that information. We have a code block here which kind of just makes the information pretty to look at and it also u compares it with this, you know, top set to make sure we don't have any duplications. We then go into Google Sheets and now it's actually just putting stuff in there, right? It's putting in the name and it's putting in the URL and also puts in the campaign name. So, you'll see stuff like that on the right. Now, as a quick aside, I will also have a link in the school to this template. So, you'll just have to come in here and then make a copy. this template will be totally empty and then link that to your workflow. There's any questions about hey how do I link this particular workflow whatever just come up here to docs and follow the steps. So we put all that information into the sheet right we have 10 names and we have 10 URLs. So the next step is going to be the Appify profile scraper, right? This is where we're feeding in the URLs. We're sending it to Appify. It's getting us that information and then it's sending it to AI to actually do some sort of synthesis of that information to put it in the Google sheet. Right? So grab raw data from Appify, give it to AI, and have it have it and have it give us that information some sort of readable state. So that's all that's happening here. And so when it comes to Appify, let's take a look at the module and then I'll go through how to sign up for Appify, how to get your API key, all that. So here we go. This is the URL you're going to want to use. That's not going to change for anyone unless you use a different Appify actor and I'll go into that in a little bit. We give it our API key and then really simple, this is all the JSON looks look like at the bottom. This is the whole payload. It's just, hey, what URL do you want me to look at? Right? And then you'll see it gives us some information about Aify itself and then eventually we pull that information over here. Right? This is where we actually get the information. We get their about, we get their post, get their history, etc., etc. So, let's hop into Appify. I'll explain kind of how Appify works and how to sign up for an account. All right. So, here's Appify. What is Appify? Think of it as a third party stores that has a bunch of different website crawlers and scrapers and all sorts of stuff. It does cost money. You can start a free trial and they'll throw you five bucks to start. Um, for something like this, I suggest just do the monthly. It's $39 a month and then each scraper costs money, but it isn't on top of the $39. So, $39 you pay, think of that as a credit. And so, every month you have that $39 of credit plus an extra five they tack on that you can then use towards these different scrapers. And so, the scraper we are going to be using is this one, the mass LinkedIn profile scraper with email. doesn't use any cookies and you'll see the price. $10 per thousand results. So, you know, one cent per lead is what you're looking at, right? And it tells you what it gives you, how it works, and then you can kind of look at all the runs you've had, different sort of inputs, all sorts of stuff. There's actually a ton of stuff on Ampify and a lot of cool scrapers. So, this is kind of how it works in a nutshell. It tells you how the API works, right? So, for the individual ones, you can look at API endpoints and stuff. Again, all this is like super complicated. I don't know how to use APIs. Like I'm just trying to do no code stuff. Don't be afraid to just like copy paste this into like Gemini or Claude or whatever Chad GPT and be like, "Hey, I'm trying to get this API to work. How does this work inside of any?" And again, the template already has it broken down for you. So, when it comes to Appify, each of these like little they call them actors, you can test them out right here, right? So, if I was like, "Hey, does this actually work?" I could put in a LinkedIn URL of like myself or something. You run it. You can mess with the options and then it'll show you what the output actually looks like. But for us, what you're going to need to do once you actually sign up is you just got to go come over to the left to settings. You're going to go to APIs and integrations, and you're going to go to create new token. It's going to give you a new API key, and then you just copy it. From there, you're going to go back into here and where it says bearer, you're going to put your API key right here. You shouldn't have to change anything else to get this working. So, it's going to run that for each lead individually. And after each lead, it's going to wait for I think we put like 5 or 10 seconds just to make sure it actually runs. And then we eventually grab that information. And again, down here, you just need to put your API key. And you'll see we have it mapped to a specific data set. So it actually knows where to pull the information from to populate it inside of NAND. Like I said here, tons of information on people's LinkedIn that we can get with this one cent per each. Now, as you saw there, and I'll click back into this. This is a ton of information. How are you supposed to figure out what any of this means and what's relevant to you? Well, that's where AI finally comes in. And so inside here, and I think I have this up to 4.1 nano, which is the cheapest one. We're giving it all that information as the prompt. That's the user message. And then the system message goes into detail about what we actually care about and what we want it to actually analyze. And there's three big things we put here, right? I want core professional data. Who you are, what you do. And then I want to know actionable sales angles. Like where can we actually like, you know, sell you on this? And then lastly, even more deep is some sort of relationship leverage point. like where can we really customize this email to make it hard-hitting so you actually care about it and you actually read it and you actually think about responding to it, right? And so that's what all this does. And also in this we actually have it generate that little LinkedIn blurb that you saw earlier, right? The LinkedIn blurb is going to be very like personalized. It doesn't take a lot of the company information into there, but that's something you can edit on your own. Again, don't be afraid to come in here and edit this. All this stuff is customized. Do you want it to do have a different analysis focus? Change it. And this is where you do that also in here. So again, what model we're using here? We're just using GPT 4.1. You could do 4.1 nano too if you wanted this to be cheaper or mini. And then we have a structured output parser. I don't think enough people use this. I really like it. Um, if you've never used a structured output parser before, it allows you to take what is like one big blob from AI and actually break it up into different items so you can mess with it later. In this case, we have it broken up into the LinkedIn summary, the outreach message in the company, and for those who are paying attention, you'll remember we have those exact columns here on the sheet inside of Google, which allows us to very easily map that information into there. And that's exactly what happens, right? So, this whole section, the LinkedIn profile scraper, send the URLs apply. Appify scrapes the information. scraped information gets pushed into AI and then AI gives us some nice little analysis which we put into our Google sheet. That's all that's happening here in the blue before we dive down here in the green into company research. And so similar thing down here in company research, right? All that information is getting pushed to AI now, right? Because we got the company name from LinkedIn. And so now we send it here and have Tavi do some research for us. Now what's Tableau, you ask? Well, it's another awesome tool because it's free. Sort of. So, here's Tavi and they give you a,000 free credits a month, which is actually really, really good. How many credits are you using for each person here? Uh, it depends how you set it up. So, just go to tavly.com. You're just going to create an account. Takes 2 seconds. And the first thing you're going to see is this page. You literally just click on that. You now have your API key. Come back into here. Click on Tavly search. and you're going to place your API key right here. That's all you got to do if you're using this template to set it up. So, let's dive into this a little further though. Again, what are we pushing to this AI model? We're pushing two things. The company and the LinkedIn summary. That's all the context is being given. And in terms of the system message, right, we're giving it quite a lot of information here. We're telling it what tools it has, right? Tavly search. We're telling it what to look at in terms of like thirdparty review sites like hey look for customer sent sentiment on stuff like Reddit or G2 and then search focus right core business we're looking for some sort of email we want another product and services etc and how we also want it all outputed again just like with the LinkedIn scraper customize this don't feel like you are stuck in this box where you can only do this stuff play around with it see what works see what doesn't and so for this one we're using 4.1 mini and then for the Tavly search you saw the API but let's look at what we're actually giving it. So we give it a description kind of hey this is how it works and then down here we have some information about the time range we want. So it's looking for articles within the past year. It's giving us five results. It even includes images advanced search depth etc. What does all mean? Well you can figure out what all these parameters mean by coming here to tab going to the API playground and playing around with different stuff. Right? So it tells you exactly what each parameter does if you scroll over it. There's additional fields. You can play around with domains, exclude domains. And similar to Appify, right? Remember on Appify where we were like putting in that URL and you could see what the output was. Same idea here in the API playground. put in a query, play around with the parameters, see what works, see what gives you the best output, and then come back here to Naden and change these parameters to fit your use case. So again, we have a structured output parser. What do we want to come out of this? Well, we want company overview, contact email, all that stuff. And then it eventually gets sent down to this Google Sheets where it's populated. Then we have this code block. What is this code block doing? Well, the biggest thing it's doing is just making sure if we can't find an email, it's getting populated with no general company contact email found via Tavly search, which will become important later. So, what have we looked at so far? Quick recap on this red, blue, and green sections, right? We figured out who we want to talk to, who are the decision makers, we scraped their LinkedIn profile, we got company research, so we have tons of information about them. Now, we want to put it all together with our personal offer, what our business can give them, and craft an email that makes sense. And so, that's what's happening over here in the purple. Right? So, why do I have this aggregate here? Well, because I want it to eventually read a Google sheet, and I don't want 10 items to be passed to Google sheet and have it run 10 times. So, really, this is just like um a data thing. There's probably a more elegant solution here to be honest, but truthfully, don't worry about this. And so what happens here is we now read the Google sheet because we now have to split up our leads into one of two camps. The first camp is we found their email camp, which is great. We can actually send them something. But sometimes we just can't find their email. In this particular run, three of the leads, we just couldn't find an email, right? They didn't have anything on their LinkedIn and there was nothing we could find online about the company. So we're kind of out of luck on that case, but that's why we have that LinkedIn message. So, if you still care about those people, you can actually go on LinkedIn and message them. But for seven people, we got a 70% hit rate, which is honestly pretty good. We now are going to craft that email. And that's what we see here with this LLM chain. And so, we're feeding them a few things, right? LinkedIn summary, company, background, all of that. And then we have the system message. And this is what we care about. So, again, this can be edited. And you need to edit this because you'll see here I have my own stuff in here like Chase AI my particular offering, right? And then it goes into like, hey, find a good hook. Here's how I want it to be the content to look like. And you can also go into like here's what I want the header to look like. Here's how I want you to end the emails. That's what you need to do here. Edit this. Do not leave this like it is, right? Because again, it's for my company, first of all. Um, and so you really want to be specific with how you sell yourself. But that whole synthesis of outside information with your information, that's what happens here. And then two things are happening at the end here. One, it updates Google Sheets. And then two, I have it creating a draft. Now, you could change this to actually send the emails, and it's going to fire them all off. I kind of like to have a human in the loop so I can actually read the emails and make sure it isn't saying some nonsense. You could also hook up other things here, right? Like there's Mailchimp modules, for example, right? if you're doing really large scale, that might be something you want to look at or something like resend, you know. So, again, feel free to edit this with like a true mass marketing email, you know, output at the end of this. But yeah, so that's how this thing works. Like I said, this looks crazy at the beginning, right? There's like 35 modules. We're hitting Google Sheets like nine times. We got code blocks, but when you break it down, it's actually fairly lean, right? get the URLs from Google, scrape via Appify, research me Tavly, create the email. So, I really like this one. I think also the cost isn't wild. Appify is our biggest cost, but Ampify is nice because if you're kind of doing scraping like in general, there's a lot of cool actors you can look like. And if you're doing this at scale, it isn't too bad. Like, we're talking about 1 cent per lead we get on Appify and you have $39 of credits a month. So, again, I think this is super cool. Um, I think it hits a lot of the problems with cold outreach that you tend to run into, right? And like I said, you can find a template on my school and let me know in the comments what you think about this, how it works for you, if you run into any issues. I'd love to hear about it. Um, and as always, I'll see you guys

=== n8n + GPT Image API = The New AI Content Powerhouse ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qp3h7WLYpH0

So, believe it or not, it's already been a month since OpenAI released their brand new image generation model. The same one that took over the internet with its anime filters and the ability to create AI generated images that could actually do text correctly. And while that model was absolutely awesome, the one thing it was missing was an API, something that would allow us to actually input it into our AI agents and automations. Well, luckily for us, OpenAI just released that image generation API yesterday. Okay. And so what you're looking at here right now is an automation that allows us to make posts to Twitter, LinkedIn, and our blogs with not just text, but with an image that actually goes along with it, thanks to that new image generation model. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to walk you through this automation. I'm going to show you how it works, show you how you can customize it yourself, and also show you different places that you can improve on once you get in here and start working with it on your own. So, first things first, let's look at some of the images and text it actually generated for me when I ran this automation. So, here's an example of a LinkedIn post talking about LLMs and how they relate with entrepreneurs. And then it created based on that post this image, right? Something to do with large language models and it gave it an anime filter. And then here we can see the same thing on Twitter, right? We have a tweet, it has some hashtags, those in an emoji, and then we have that same sort of image being produced for our post. So, why do we care and how does this all work? Well, the reason we care is cuz up until now, it's been pretty difficult to generate images via prompt via AI inside of automations that can do text well, right? We've been kind of limited to a few different models that can create images that are even good at all, like mainly Midjourney or Flux. And you had to pay a lot of money to get stuff that really did the job. And they couldn't include text, right? If you wanted really good text, you had to go out of your way after the fact and edit them. But now we have the ability to do text and we have the ability to do a wide range of images, right? We're not stuck with just photo realism. We can do all sorts of stuff. And so this really opens up our ability to market using AI and using visuals in a way we just couldn't do before. So that's why we care about this. Now, how does it work? Well, big picture, what happens in this automation is someone fills out a form that says, "This is the topic I want to talk about. This is the target audience. This is the platform. And this is what I want the image to kind of look like." From there, it then goes into the text classifier which decides, hey, are they talking about Twitter, LinkedIn, or a blog? And then it creates the post and creates an image prompt. So based on the post, that's going to influence the image prompt, right? What did we write about? That's what we want the image to look like. From there, we send the prompt to OpenAI, which creates the image. We convert that to binary so we can actually work with the data. And then it will post on whatever platform we care about. in this case, LinkedIn. Up here is Twitter. And we'll also go into why we have this upload media thing here. Um, long story short, Twitter recently like really screwed with their API when it comes to NN. So, you have to do this. And we also email to ourselves. Down here, we have the blog version, and you could hook this up to something like WordPress, so it's automatically posted, but in this case, we just have it for email. That's something you'd edit on your own later. Lastly, why do we have three of these and not just one that does a one post, one image? Well, each of these has a prompt that's tweaked to the specific platform. Like stuff for Twitter becomes rather obvious, right? We want it to be under 280 characters. And then we kind of have different tones when it comes to LinkedIn versus blogs. And the image prompts also reflect those changes. And as a real quick plug before we actually dive into this automation, if you want the template and if you want more deep dives into different sort of lessons, I suggest you check out the school. I have a link to my community in my profile where you can get templates for all sorts of AI agents. All the guides are built with a non-coder mind. So, you're kind of given a step-by-step guide of how to get into the space. So, if that's something you're interested, if you're looking for the particular templates, go ahead and check us out. Okay. So, let's get started and go through this automation module by module. So, the first thing you see here is a form submission. So, here's what the form looks like. fill out your email, the platform, the topic, and then I have some drop downs when it comes to image type and then visual style. Now, in my example, I said, "Hey, I was looking for like a blog of how LLMs would work." You know, entrepreneurs infographic studio Giblly. You can kind of fill out whatever you want here. And ultimately, it doesn't need to be a form submission. You could have this just be like a Telegram message. You could have this hooked up to an interface on a web app. whatever you want to do, you just need somewhere where data comes in and you need to feed that to a classifier that can then push it to the different platforms which have their own unique prompts. And so when we look at the text classifier here, this thing in this particular instance is complete overkill, right? Because all we're worried about right here is what category do they want to post it to? And on the form submission, they explicitly point that out, right? Like, hey, I want this to be a blog. Hey, I want this to be LinkedIn. But you might be using something different than a form submission. You might have people just typing out, you know, in plain text. In which case, something like a text classifier will be nice because then the AI can go in there, figure out what you're talking about, and intelligently decide which pathway to push it down. Of note, when it comes to what model I'm using, using 4.1 nano as this is the cheapest model out there, even cheaper than many, and it does the job just fine. Now, once we tell this automation what we want to talk about, now we need to start getting into the actual prompts. Now, the first thing is going to be the text prompt, right? What are we actually writing about? In this case, let's look at the blog. So, we look at the blog post with the user message. What we're pushing to them is the topic and the target audience, right? What are we talking about and who needs to know about it? And then from there, we have a system message. It's pretty indepth, but this is where you're really going to make your money, right? So, for all these automations, they're pretty generalized, so you can go there and really shift the scope so it's all about what you want to talk about. So when you're looking at this template, make sure you go in here and you edit it as you see fit. So you'll also notice we have this hooked up to Tavi. So what happens is we give it the prompt, right? I want to talk about AI entrepreneurs. It goes into the blog post and it's going to call on Tavi to actually do some research to find some information about AI and entrepreneurs, right? It's not just going to be going off its training data. It's actually going to be searching on the live internet over the last seven days to figure out, hey, what's relevant about this topic? And then it's going to write about it. And so, if you've never used Tablety before, it's a really awesome tool. Think of it kind of like Perplexity. It's kind of like a web scraper type deal. Super easy to use their API. So, if you've never done it before, you're going to go to tabi.com. You're just going to sign up and then right away you're going to see this image and you have an API key, right? So, you just click right here and it's going to copy it. you get a thousand credits for free every single month. So, you can really play around with this thing and don't be afraid to go over here to the left in the API playground and kind of take a look and mess around with all these different parameters and see what works for you, right? This is where you can actually test different settings inside Cavali to see what the responses will look like in real time. And so, if we look at the actual Tavly tool, you'll see all this down here in the JSON payload. Right? Right now, we're looking at stuff within the last 7 days. we only care about one result, but feel free to go inside of here and again play around with it and see what works for you. So, we've told this automation what we want to write about, who we're writing to. It's now done some research on the internet via Tavali. It's created a blog post and now we get to the cool part where it's actually going to create an image for us. Now, when we click on this, we'll see some of the information that we're feeding it in the user prompt, right? So, what is it getting? Well, first of all, it's going to get a copy of the entire blog post. So, it has full context of what we're talking about. And then the next thing we're going to give it is the image type and the visual style. So if we go down here, we'll see, hey, image type, we want it to be an info infographic. And then visual style is studio gibly, right? And this could be anything you want it to be. So now that it knows what we're talking about and what sort of image we're trying to create, it's then going to cross reference that with the system message. And again, similar to the blog post, you need to come in here and really make edits so you're getting a final product that you want. This obviously is very exhaustive and you might be like this is, you know, completely good and often times it is, but really don't be afraid to come in here and get your hands dirty and just play around with it and see what kind of different products you get from it. Now, big things that I'll point to here is some of the text element spacing stuff. One thing you're going to find when you use this a whole lot is one error that the Open AI model isn't the best at is like making sure it doesn't cut off text, right? often times it will have a title and like the top 10% of the title will be cut off. So there's a lot of verbiage here inside the system prompt that speaks to like hey don't cut off the title make sure there's enough margin etc. So again don't be afraid to come in here and mess around with this and you'll see here when we test the step what sort of output we get right detailed infographic include illustrations of a neural network etc etc layout should be dynamic and engaging. Now from here we then generate the image. You'll notice we have to use an HTTP request for this because there is no native NAND module for generating images with that API just yet. So your HTTP request is going to look just like this, right? It's going to be post. It's going to be the V1 images generation. You're actually going to have to manually go in there and do authorization bearer. And then down here are some different parameters. Now there's a lot of ways you can play with this, right? How do you know what your options are? Well, we're going to go to the documentation, and I have a link for that down below. So, here's what the documentation looks like. Again, if you're nontechnical, this is going to seem very, very scary, but I promise you it's not too bad for two reasons. One, you can take all this, copy paste it, put it into the chat GPT, and ask it to explain it to you very, very slowly. And that will kind of help you help you out. But really, if you look at this, you'll start to understand that like all you see here, kind of zooming in too far, is we're just setting up, you know, different parameters. That's all it is. So, if I go back to NAN, we'll see here, like here's one parameter, moderation low. How did I know what my options are? Well, I scroll down here and you'll see something like moderation, right? moderation, it defaults to auto and I can put it to low if I want. So I know what my options are. In this case, it's lower auto. And if I don't do anything, I know it's just going to default to auto. Same thing with, you know, something like the quality, right? This is a big one. Quality of the image, because this relates to price, and we definitely care about price, right? So for quality, if we don't specify it, it's going to default to high. But we have the options for high, medium, low. And the prices vary greatly. And what do the prices look like? What does the quality look like? Let me show you. So here is a breakdown of high, medium, and low images. And first thing I want to call out is the low is pretty good compared to the high. The differences in quality are actually kind of subtle, right? If we look at it, like what are the huge differences that we see here? Well, I would argue that the biggest things is kind of like the water ripples, right? But in terms of like the quality of the image, it's that's the high and we go into the low. And the low is pretty good, too. Like we have reflection inside on its eye. Like it does a pretty good job. But let's also take a look at the cost. So every time you run a high image, it's going to be roughly in that 17 cents range. Medium 7 cents, low 2 cents. Now that isn't hard and fast. That's going to vary based on the size of the image. And you'll notice here, size is also a parameter you can play with. And there's a number of parameters that kind of go into this cost thing, but the biggest factor is going to be the quality. So just have that in the back of your mind. It's going to cost me somewhere between 15 and 20 cents to create a high quality image. Now that we're on the topic of APIs, let's also talk about one other thing you have to do here that's different from normal OpenAI APIs. You need to actually verify your organization. Again, I'll have a link to this in the school, but you're going to go to this page, organizational settings, and right here it says organization verified. You're going to have to go in there and verify yourself. It takes 2 to 3 minutes. You're literally just taking a picture of your photo ID and confirming that you are who you are. I also provided links to more documentation because there actually is a ton that OpenAI has written about this new model, right? So, I think it's worth actually going through it and kind of seeing what they think is important, right? what your parameters are, what you can do, what you can't do. Right? So, this is all important when you really, really want a specific type of image and you're just not getting what you want. I'm telling you, take the time, go through the documentation, and understand kind of what's going on under the hood here. So, you verified it, you got your API, you set up the HTTP request. Now, what do we care about here is going to be the prompt, right? So, we're mapping that JSON output value from the previous module. Remember that previous module is the one that makes the prompt for the image. And you'll notice here on the back side of the blog one, I added the image should be widescreen and slightly zoomed out so the entire image can be viewed. Why did I put that? Well, I noticed that I tended to have a better time of it in terms of not having text cut off when I did that. But again, this kind of just goes back to you need to play around with this stuff and see what prompts work from you because this is like very fluid, right? It's not this is how this always works every single time. you need to go in there and just kind of see what works best, right? Once you test that step, it'll take about 45 to 60 seconds for it to complete. And it's going to give you a ton of data. It's going to say something like display the data. Don't even bother. It's literally a billion lines of text. So, just ignore that part. But what we do need to do is we need to convert that to binary so we can actually use it. Right? So, that's what this module is doing. And when you test this step, it's then going to give you something that you can actually view. So, here's the image we got. And I'm glad it kind of came out with so you can understand what the limitations are with this. Right? Biggest thing is this text being cut off, right? You see it on the left, you see it on the right. However, we do have it up here up top, but the rest of the image does look pretty good. But how can we solve this text being cut off? Well, we're going to have to go back into this prompt and probably add some more explicit language about having the margins on the left and the right also not being cut off because to be honest in this message, it's explicit about the header and the footer, but the left and right don't really call out. So, so understand that this is one of the landmines in this automation that you're going to have to kind of navigate around. So, once you get the picture you want, what's next? Well, super easy. You're just going to come in here and map the appropriate things, right? The email we're going to map from way back here on the form submission, right? The the text is going to come from the blog post text. And then you're just going to have an attachment and you're just going to call it data. Now, as an aside, if you're still in the process of like, hey, I kind of am working on the prompt like eight out of seven out of 10 times. I get the image I really want. How can I like make sure that this doesn't just get sent off and posted before I'm like give it the full thumbs up? come in here and add some sort of like human in the loop module so you can be there and give it the thumbs up, give it the okay, say I need to check this image before you actually have it post to your socials. And I think that's a really good to mitigate the risk of this particular automation. And so that's the flow of it guys, right? You put in a form, you decide what I want to talk about and what I want the image to look like. It then sends that off to a blog post which does research on your behalf to create a post. It then creates an image prompt based on that post sends the prompt to OpenAI. It creates the image and then we consolidate it to post it. Now, with the LinkedIn and Twitter sections, the only difference is going to be what's going on the back end right here. Right? With LinkedIn, you're simply going to have to like actually go in there, connect your account, and fill out some of the modules as appropriate. But media category will just be image, binary field will be data, and obviously you're going to map the particular text there. Now the one that is tricky are the Twitter or the expost, right? Because there is no NAND module that actually allows us to go in there and attach something. You can't attach media with NAND. And this is something that only happened a few weeks ago. Now, why did they do that? Couldn't tell you, but I'll show you the fix. So, I didn't come up with this fix. Ahmed came up with this fix. And I have a link on my template where he explains how to do it. So, it's kind of annoying. you essentially have to create a new um credential with Twitter. So I would you know create the module I would go up to create new account right and I need to go and get my client ID first. So, open the docs, go through the steps of creating the Twitter, you know, developer account, creating the app, right? Go through all this. And so, once you do that, you input your client ID and you input your client secret. Here's what you have to do. You're going to have this thing pop up, right? You're going to copy and paste this entire URL in there. So, what you're going to do is you're going to open up a new tab. You're going to paste that entire URL into the tab. At the very end of the URL, you're going to do plus media.right. Again, he spells this out in the post. You're then going to get to this page. You're then going to be able to authorize the app. And now you can now make a new module which can attach it, right? Pain in the butt, annoying workaround. Hopefully, this isn't the case in a few weeks or whatever, but this is the only way to do it as of now. So once you do that then you're going to make an HTTP request and it's going to look something like this right the URL will be tomedia/upload credential type will be with your new account that you did and then here you can do form data binary field media data and this allows you to essentially like upload the media again Muhammad goes through it in detail of how to do on his post and he also provides the actual modules. Now once you do that then you can do a normal X module that you can create a tweet and put the media ID media ID in there and this is the only way that I've seen people be able to do it. Like I said annoying workaround but you give it about 5 minutes and you'll be okay. But yeah that's the automation in a nutshell. I really like this one. Like the image generation with this new chat GBT model is awesome. Like it does things with AI images that we could never do before. Although it does have its quirks, right? Like we looked at the image that we created in this demo and it had some text cut off. But by and large, having run this actually quite a few times in the last 24 hours, that was the only major issue I had. So, if you know that going in and you can start to kind of like massage the prompts to avoid that, you're going to be in a really good place because this sort of like technology hasn't been out there before. We've been able to make AI images, but not with text, not on this level, not with this customizability. And I think the next step after this is being able to then create videos with this, right? Like I have another video that you've all seen where we do the faceless video stuff, you know, where we took flux images and put it into cling. But now we have like a whole like new ball game when it comes to the base image, the most important part of creating those videos. So I think this is super cool. There's a ton of cool use cases for this. And like what I kept hammering on before, like go in here and play with the prompts, right? you need to make this as specialized as you can for your particular use case. So, um yeah, let me know what you think.

=== n8n for Beginners: The No Nonsense Introduction ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEB1NG-UVJE

Hey everybody. In this video, I'm going to take you through an intro to Naden. So, I'm going to show you how to sign up, what your hosting options are, how you navigate this place, and even take you through a quick intro of building our first AI agent so you can understand how modules work, how we manipulate data, and what it means for you. So, let's get started. First of all, what does it mean that this is a low code platform that allows us to make AI agents? So, here's a look at my personal AI agent that acts as my assistant. So when we talk about low code what we mean is that all of this was built primarily with no code involved and behind each of these modules there is code in the background primarily laying chain but we don't need to code to build these things instead we simply create these modules we give them different parameters we hook them up and then when we run it the code in the background is doing its thing but we never have to interact with it so it allows us to be in the space of AI agents and AI automations and AI workflows without having years and years of skills built up in the coding space which is great for us. Now we call it low code and not no code because there are instances where we do use code like you see something here. Now, it tends not to be very complex and we lean heavily on AI when we create this code, right? We simply go to either ask AI here and explain what we want or we go into something like chat GPT, explain our problem, explain what we're trying to do, and we get the code from there. But at no point are we the ones who are actually going in there and writing lines of code. It's just not necessary inside of NAND. So, that's what low code means. And now, let's talk about actually getting signed up with naden.io. So, first of all, you'll get to this page. And the first thing you're going to do is just go to the get started and create an account. You can do a free trial for 2 weeks. But what you're going to see very quickly is pricing, right? You're looking at 20 bucks a month annually, 24 if you do monthly. But if you've been in this space for any amount of time, you've probably seen people reference stuff like self-hosting or local hosting. And what the heck does that mean? So when we talk about hosting, what we're saying is where is Naden running? Now, if you go through the default screen and you go through the pricing, you select the plan, you're going to be over here on the left. You're going to be using Nadens's cloud. Now, it's going to be their official Nadens service. It's the easiest to set up. You're just a few clicks away, but it is the most expensive, right? You're either paying 20 to 24 bucks a month to use their product. So, we also have the option to sell host and local host. Now, NAN is actually an open-source platform. And that means I don't have to go through NAND to actually use their service. I can actually take their code and bring it to another cloud provider like Digital Ocean, Railway or Render and host it there and use their product. And I also have the option to local host, which means I don't even go to a third-party cloud provider. Local host means I have it on my actual computer and I run it there essentially for free. And so when we talk about price, like we said, any cloud you're looking at about 20 to 24 bucks. self-hosting can go from anywhere from, you know, zero dollars at the lowest end all the way up to, you know, $25$50 a month if you want more power. But for an equivalent, you know, power as the cloud, it's probably going to cost you $5 to $10. So that's significant savings. And then local hosting, as we said, is essentially free, but you're just paying for electricity. Or if you have your own servers, there's obviously those costs as well. Now, we also need to mention that you are using the community version, that open- source version if you're self-hosting or local hosting versus the official cloud version if you go through NAND. Now, it's about 95 96% the same. And in some instances, there's actually advantages to using the community version of NAND. You actually get access to community nodes and modules, essentially custom modules that members of the community have made. But this is a decision I suggest you make rather early. I have videos in my school of how to self-host if that's something you want to do. But feel free when you first get started to just use the free trial version right of nine cloud. Do it for 14 days. Kind of get your feet under you and then make a decision about what you want to do. And truth be told, if self-hosting and local hosting just seem like way too complex and not in your wheelhouse, don't be afraid to just go on the month plan. Do a month of the NNA cloud. Do two months of NN because truthfully, self-hosting isn't too difficult. And whatever step you make in the NADN cloud won't be too hard to transfer over to your self-hosted instance of Naden. So you aren't stuck on one path forever if that's what you decide to do. So once you log in, you'll be on the overview page and this is where you can see the workflows you have, the credentials, and even executions. So workflows are the different AI agents and automations you've created. Credentials are all the different services you're signed up for. So like your Google accounts, you know, your GitHub, your Discord, all those things. And then executions are, hey, here's different, you know, workflows that you've run. Here's if they were successful, here's if they were failures. You can actually go in and check on those. And then over here on your left, you have all the different admin stuff to access your profile, right? Change different settings, all that good stuff. But what we care about right now is being able to get in there and create a workflow. So you're going to come up here and hit create workflow. So here we are inside the canvas and this is where we're going to create all of our AI workflows. So you're always going to see this thing that says add first step. So you can either click on that or you can also hit tab. And the first thing we need to do is create some sort of trigger. That's what's going to start our workflow. So we're just going to search for the chat trigger. And now we have the ability to actually talk with whatever we hook this up to. So I can talk with this by either hitting the open chat here or coming down there. And so if I say hi, right, we'll see that this module executed, right? It has a green check mark. It has green outline. It's all good to go. We're able to add modules by just hitting the plus button here and then searching for whatever we wanted to add it to. Now, you'll see all the different options over here. And there's actually a ton of them right right here. Tons of different tools. We have the ability to do like some AI tools. And frankly, it can be kind of overwhelming to dive through all these and understand what am I supposed to do? That's just going to come with time and experience. But where we are are going to start is we're going to start with an AI agent. So if we search for AI agent, we'll get something that looks like this. And now we can actually chat with an AI. But first, we need to actually hook up a model to it. So this thing has some sort of brain. So to do that, really simple. We're just going to hit the plus on the chat model, and you'll see all the different AI models we can hook it up to. So for this, we're going to use OpenAI. tends to be the most popular, but feel free to do whichever one you want. And so what you have to do is you need to create a credential. Now to do that, you're just going to click here, hit create new credential. And what you'll see here, and what you should be looking at anytime you get confused is something that says docs or open docs, right? So one of the great things about NADN is their documentation. If you've ever used any sort of technical documentation before, you understand that often times it hurts you more than it helps because of how confusing and arcane it is. But Naden does a really good job of explaining stuff step by step so you can do it and not get kind of lost along the way. So we're going to use the documents to connect our OpenAI account. So again to generate an API key, we just need to log into our OpenAI account or create an account. So you can click the link here now. Login or create one. So it did that and then next we need to go to our API keys page. Click the link here and here we are with our API key. So from here we just create a new key. Um, we'll call this, you know, two project doesn't matter. Create a secret key. And here's our key. Now, we want to copy this. Now, of note, if you've never created an API key, before you actually do that, you're going to want to go into your billing. And so, to do that, come up here to the right, click this little gear that says settings, go to billing, and add some funds to your account. You want to add the funds before you create the API key because sometimes if you use an API key that you never had any funds for, it can get a little wonky. And if you did that already, no problem. Just go back to the API key and create another one. As for how much money you should put in here, five bucks is plenty. And then once you have your API key, just come back here, paste it in. You can leave the base URL the same, hit save, and it will connect your account. So now that you have your account set up, now we have to actually pick what model we want to use. And this list is both exhausting and extremely confusing. So the answer to what model you use is it depends and it changes pretty much weekly. The model I would have suggested a week ago is frankly a different one than I will suggest today. Now today as of what April what you should be looking for is the 4.1 series. Now the 4.1 series is for API only which is fine for us. And what you probably want to use is either the 4.1 mini or the 4.1 nano because it's fast and it's cheap. And if you're wondering how much does it cost? Well, just go to something like Perplexity and simply say, "Hey, can you give me a breakdown of the cost between the models and which model should I be using for this task?" Now, something like the 4.0 Nano is using fractions of a penny for calls like this. And often times when you see pricing, it's going to be in terms of 1 million tokens as an output or an input. What does 1 million tokens equate to? Well, that's like 1 million words. So for Nano, I believe it's 40 cents per 1 million tokens is like the output. So very very cheap and we're going to use that for now. So we've now connected a brain to our AI agent. Now let's do some memory. And we're just going to use simple memory because it's the easiest. So when we do things that are more sophisticated, we have the ability to actually connect full-blown databases. And here we see context window length. We're going to keep it to five, which essentially means it's going to remember our last five messages. And so what you have now is like a very basic version of chat GPT, right? So I can chat with it and say, "Hey, how's it going?" And I'll actually get a response that's also tied to the memory. So let's kind of break down what we're seeing inside of Naden right now. So obviously we have our chat and then over here we have our log. So I can actually see what kind of route the data put right first it went to the memory then it went to the chat model. We can see the output and then it put that back into the memory. We can also see that everything worked right we have green check marks on every single module that was used. And if I click into the AI agent, we can kind of see the same thing, right? We had our input over here on the left, right? That's the data we started with. We have the module we care about and its interactions. And then we have our logs that we talked about before and our actual output. Now this is a very simple example and this obviously seems quite obvious but the ability to understand inside of n where my data started where it's being manipulated and what the output actually is is very very important because as these become more and more sophisticated right if we're looking at something like this understanding where data started where it's getting executed at and where it outputs is vital for us to not only troubleshoot but to create workflows that actually make sense and do what we want them to do. So on that note, let's actually dive into this thing a little bit more. Again, what's happening over here on the left? Well, this is the input, right? That's the chat. And now we're looking at the AI agent module, and this is where we can manipulate the settings to change things. So, we have our parameters, and this is where you're going to spend most of your time. There's also a settings option, but this tends to be a little more advanced. I wouldn't worry about it too much right now. And so again, we also have our docs like we talked about before and at will go into detail about how it works, issues, and those sorts of things. And when it comes to AI like large language models and agents, we're often going to see source for prompt. Now, source for prompt is exactly what it sounds like. Where is the prompt coming from? It's going to default to our connected chat trigger node, which is this guy. And it's saying, hey, whatever comes from here is going to be what we use from the prompt. But we could change that, right? And oftentimes we will. often times it'll be something that we put here ourselves, right? We define below. And so now let's talk about how I can map things. So what if I wanted the prompt to actually be the session ID? Now that would essentially just be a list of numbers that's going to the system and that doesn't make a ton of sense, but you can see that it doesn't always have to be the connected chat trigger node. It can kind of be anything, right? And so I could have this be the chat output, which is essentially the same thing before, but now I have a little more control and customization as to what is actually going into this AI module. And this is something you're going to do a lot. This this whole idea of mapping actions in previous modules and putting in the one you're working with is something you need to understand inside of any. So if it's green, that means the map is working. And oftent times it'll show down here what that actually looks like. Now the next thing I want to talk about is the system message. So system messages are just the like custom instructions that the AI agent is working with behind the scenes when you talk with chat GPT. Normally it has its own system message. You just don't interact with it, right? And the default one is you are helpful assistant. And the way it works is it takes the prompt from the user. In this case, it's that chat input. Hey, how was how's it going? And then it references it system message to understand how it needs to respond. So if I change the system message to something like you need to always sound like Shakespeare right something ridiculous like that and I now test the step we'll see right the output changed to greetings good sir ma'am how do the affair with thee is this fine day pray tell me how goeth thy endeavors right so system messages are also extremely important because while we care about the data that comes into here. oftentimes it's all the the point of it all is how do we manipulate it and the way we manipulate that data and the rules and logic we give the AI is going to be here inside the system message and this can get quite complicated going into something like this right look at all the tools on that is connected to this guy how does it know which tool to call in what order what's the logic behind it all well if we dive into here we'll see a system prompt that kind of breaks down how I want it to work right so that sort internal logic. That's what's coming here in the system message. And in our simple example, we're just saying, "Hey, I want you to sound like Shakespeare from now on." And so, some other things to note, like you saw before, I'm able to test the step this easily with different things. And we also have the ability to like pin data. So, let's say um I got an output I wanted and I just wanted to use that output from now on and I didn't want to constantly run test step. I could pin this data right here. And now this is always going to be there, right? That doesn't make a lot of sense now. It'll make more sense later when you start doing more complex stuff. But that's how we pin data. I also have the ability to put like fake data here, right? So we have when chat message is received, right? That's right here. But what if I wanted to change it to something else? I can edit these outputs, right? I can come up to this pencil mark and change things right here, save it, and also pin it in that same way. That's how pinning works. Now, if you're wondering why these are now, you know, kind of this yellow color, it's because we changed something and we haven't either run it or saved it. Okay, so now I know how I can set a trigger. I know I can hook up AI and how the kind of data moves from left to right. Well, what if I wanted to do something with this data? Or what if I wanted to added some tools for the AI to work with? Well, let's try that. So, if we hit tool here, you'll see you have access to all of these like native tools that are already hooked up inside of NN. Now, for most of these, you have to kind of go through the same process we did with OpenAI, which is like going through the documentation and connecting your account. But for this, we'll use the very simple one that doesn't require us to do any of that, and that's Wikipedia. No real settings, no real parameters, but it's going to be good for our purposes here. So, now, not only can we chat with our AI agent, right, it can now actually call on a different tool. So, if I talk to it and I say, "Hey, can you give me the latest AI trends in 2025 um according to Wikipedia?" Let me run this. We'll see that it actually now calls this tool and we can see this in real time, right? We get those green check marks. But we can also look here in the logs, right? And we can see what prompt it gave us. And now it gives us a whole breakdown on AI in 2025 as if it was Shakespeare. Cool. Right. And again, we see where our data came from, right? In the input, we have our module that we've been manipulating, what the data is actually doing inside of it. And then we see our output over here. And from here, you can kind of do whatever you want, right? Let's say I wanted to eventually send this off via Gmail. You know, I'm not going to go through the whole process of linking this account. You can do that if you want through the docs. Um, I also have a video on that in my school. But when we talk about, you know, what do you want to get? No, I want to send a message. Remember how we talked a little bit about mapping data? Well, now we have that output coming from the AI agent over here. Well, I want that to be the message. How do I do that? Well, I would take it, I would drag it, and now it always knows every time I run this, hey, you're going to take that output from the AI agent and make that the message. So, now let's talk a little bit more about this edit end environment. So, right here, we're inside the editor, right? We also have this thing called executions. And if I click on that, I'm able to look at previous runs we've done. So each time I execute this, I can go through and I can kind of look at what happened, how fast it was, and if it succeeded, or if it was an error. Um, and of note, if I see something like this and I want to edit it, you can either copy it to editor and it'll bring you back to that instance in that point in time, but you have to actually go back to editor to change things. So that's executions. You'll be looking at that a lot of times when you run into errors and you're trying to figure out where exactly stuff went wrong. Now, if you want to save this, real simple, you need to hit save. Understand there's no autosave. So, if you did a ton of work for a few hours and then clicked out of it, you're kind of out of luck. And now, let's say I wanted to run this for real and I had like a schedule trigger here, for example. And every day I wanted it to check Wikipedia for new stuff about AI news and send it to me. Not only would I need to save it, right? I would need to come up here and click active and then it would actually run every single day and be in production. Some other things of note here, we have the ability to download this entire file. So if I download this this workflow and I open this up, we can sign it. We can kind of see the code that's behind the scenes and it's in JSON format. So here's a look at all that code that's working, you know, behind our modules, right? And so we were able to download it. Now, why do I care about being able to download it because I'm actually able to upload it as well. So, you could download it. You could give it to someone else, but what's more likely is you use something that someone else has built. And let's say we want to import from file. We then find the file we want. We open it up and boom, we now have someone else's workflow ready to go. And then we can go in there and edit stuff as we need. So, being able to import templates, download templates, it's all done from these three buttons up here. So, that does it for this intro to edit end video. Hopefully that gave you a little bit better of a foundation going into more complicated AI workflows.

=== The Ultimate n8n Faceless Video Generator ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfz01Cs1sG8

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to show you how to create an AI workflow that automatically generates faceless videos, the kinds of which that are getting millions upon millions of views all throughout social media. I'm going to take you through every single one of these modules. I'm going to explain the logic behind it all. And I'm even going to break down how much each step costs. I think the cost is actually really important part of this because any sort of AI workflow that involves video generation does carry a hefty price. So, I think it's important to know where we can cut back on certain things and where we could also dive in and actually spend more money if we want to get a better product. So, let's dive into it right away and let me take you through a highle overview of how this all works. So, here's the general flow. First, we have a Google sheet that has a list of all the different video ideas we have. We then take that video idea and we send it to Flux. Flux is an AI text to image generator and this image is what creates the base of our video. We then take that image and we give it to Cling. Cling takes the image that we've created and it then edits it to create a video. Right? So, we're essentially giving the video the foundation that we want to work out of. Once we've created the videos, we now need some sort of audio soundtrack. And for that, we use 11 Labs. We give it a basic description of what we kind of want the feel of our video to be. And from there, it generates background music. Lastly, we take all those video scenes, we take captions we created with chat GPT and that background music we created in 11 Labs and we splice it all together automatically through CreoMate before dumping it back in to our Google Sheets to do with what we wish. And that flow is what you see here, right? We kind of generate our scenes and our ideas over here on the left in the green. We then create all of our prompts, right? We have an image prompt, we have a caption prompt, and we have a video prompt. For the images, we send that prompt to Flux where it creates our image. We then take that image and we send it down here to Clling, right? Clling then takes a little bit of time to create those videos. We then send that video information down here to 11 Labs, which creates the background music. We then send all of that, the videos, the captions, the audio, all over here to create mate where it said rendered and then it's updated into our Google sheet. So idea, image, video, audio, combine it, and that's the workflow. So there's a lot of moving parts. We're going to break it all down step by step. And again, over here, I also will have a breakdown of how much we're spending on each of these steps. And I'll also go into what our options are if you actually want a higher quality video. But first, let me show you a quick demo video that highlights what this can create using the cheapest versions of everything available to us. So what you saw there was the images that have been turned into videos along with the captions and some subtle background music that we had created using 11 Labs. Now remember what you saw there isn't going to be on the same level as what you're seeing getting millions and millions of views on you know Tik Tok and Instagram and all that. But I'll show you in this lesson how you can get it to that level what they're doing and what changes you need to make. Now, everything you see here and when you use this template is going to be with, like I mentioned, the cheapest versions. And I think that's for the best. That way, you can kind of get the reps in, edit what you need to edit before you're finding like, hey, I know how I want to make this video or that video. Now, let's kind of like turn the knobs on the images and the videos to get something that's really, really good or even do some of my own post-processing editing. But now let's go into each module. Now you've kind of seen what we can create and I'll show you how it's all working behind the scenes. So I just wanted to pause here real quick and say if you're looking for the template for this particular build, you can find it inside my school community, I have a link to that below and you can find that lesson and others like it inside the classroom which also have templates. So if you're looking for a place to start and you're brand new to this whole AI space, you're not technical, I suggest checking this out. All right, so first step, what's happening here when this workflow starts? It's pulling information from Google Sheets. And what information is it pulling? Well, it's this, right? We just have a very simple sheet. I have a templates for template for this in the school. And you'll see it's broken down by ID, idea, style, number of scenes, status, and video link. So, what do you need to fill out as a user? Well, you need to fill out the ID. Now, we're just using the idea of space. You can get much more specific than that. And you can also fill out, you know, the style and the number of scenes. So if you don't put anything for style, it's going to default to hyper realism. And if you don't put anything for number of scenes, it's going to default to three. Each scene is a 5-second video. So you know, four scenes would be 20 seconds, etc. Now for the status, it's going to start on pending. And this is how our automation knows which row to go after, right? So if this had been set to complete, then it wouldn't look at space. It would look, you know, hey, if we had dogs here, it would go to number two and start looking at dogs. And then the video link is what's going to be populated once the video has been created. And then you can go to that link, download it, and do what you wish from that point. So this is what the module looks like. Like I said, we're looking at the faceless sheet document sheet one. We're filtering by the status of pending and we're only returning that first matching row, right? I just wanted to do the videos and the scenes for that video. I don't want it to like pull everything all at once. Now from there it gets sent to this LLM chain generate scenes right so we have the idea but from that idea right we need to have some sort of outline of what we want each scene to be and so that's what we have going on here remember we started with like space and so it gave us these three scene concepts the first one being that gas giant second one being a nebula cloud and the third one being some icy alien planet you kind of saw that in the video demo and that's what's spelled out in this system message right it's just essentially saying, "Hey, you're an expert in creating, you know, these scene concepts. I'm going to give you an idea and I want you to spit out as many scenes as I give you surrounding that idea." Right? So, if we did something like ancient Rome, I would want one scene about, you know, the view of Rome from Palatine Hill, another one of the Pantheon, and then another one of the coliseum. So, that's what's going on here in this prompt. And this is important because it's from those scenes that we are going to then generate our image prompts, our captions, and our videos. Right? I can't just make videos from the idea of space. I need a little bit more to go off of that. So from the idea generation, from the scene generation portion, we now move into prompt generation. And there's three different problems we need to create, right? We need one for the images, one for the videos, and then one for the captions. So we'll dive in on the simplest one first, and that's the captions. And so the captions are that text you're going to see up top. In this case, it was massive gas giant illustration colorful stellar nurseries and then frozen world under Aurora. And that's what's happening in the system prompt. It's going to say, "Hey, I'm going to give you the initial idea video," which is in this case, it's going to pull from the Google Sheets and would be something like space. And then we just wanted to create short captions that won't overload the the screen. um in relation to the video theme. So, it knows what's coming in there is like Majestic Gas Giant, all that stuff. And then it's going to create the captions based on that. Eventually, they'll come back in the flow when we get toward the render portion, but we get those kind of captions figured out right away. And then the next ones, the more important ones are going to be our image prompt and the video prompts. And I would argue that the image prompt is the one that is the most important, the one you need to spend the most time on tinkering to get what you want, right? because these videos, they're just going to be animating the image, right? All starts from the image. So, this is super super important. So, let's kind of take a look at this, right? We're going to give it the overall theme, which that is that original idea. We're then going to give it the scene and we're going to give it the style, right? So, it's going to get fed this idea. It's going to get fed the style. And then it's going to get fed these scenes. And by combining those three things, the overarching theme, the description of the scene, and the overall style, it's then going to generate a text to image prompt. So for that first one, that first one you saw that looked like Jupiter essentially, this is what it gave us. Okay? And so feel free to come in here and play around with the with the prompt to get it to what you want. And I will say when it comes to all of these prompts, I built this template to be kind of topic agnostic. That way it's not, hey, these are specifically prompts for, you know, uh, POV videos or these are specifically prompts for, you know, like I'm sure you've seen ones that's like these are countries, it's animals, right? Like this is pretty general for each of these. So if you have specific videos in mind, make sure you come into these and kind of like get the scope tighter. So now that we got the image prompt, next we want the video prompt. So let's kind of take a look at what we did here. So what happened here is we feed it two things. We feed it the overarching video idea, which in this case would be space. I have some pin data. That's why you're seeing it come up in red. But as you do this and unpin it, um, it won't show up as red. So this would say like space, right? And then I give it the prompt for the actual image, right? So it knows what the video is about. it knows what sort of prompt I'm going to be giving flux and then we're saying hey I want you to come up with a prompt that adds some sort of like dynamism to the scene right whether that's zooming in like I don't want something as simple as just like zooming in and we talk about that here right I want you to give it some sort of motion so we go beyond just like a very very basic video that's just like a slow zoom that's what's happening here and again feel free to play with this prompt depending on what sorts of videos you're trying to create and of note on here I'm just using stuff like 4.1 nano for these prompts because uh if you haven't used 4.1 nano, it's pretty new. It's super cheap, super fast and perfect when you're just doing stuff like text um with your LLM. So, there we go. We've now figured out what we want our videos to be about. We have general scene concepts and now we've gotten through the hardest part, which is like or the most important part, which is what do we want the prompts to be for the images, the videos, and the captions. And so now we can move to actually generating these things. First with the image, then with the video, and then with the audio. So let's take a look at the image generation. Now for image generation, we're going to be using Flux. And for video, we'll be using Cling, but we're not going to be using the APIs for these systems directly. We're going to be using PI API. So PI API is actually a pretty cool website. They have a bunch of different tools just like we mentioned like cling and uh flux but it's like a central hub that allows us to you know connect an API to these different services that may not actually have a pay as you go API cl is one of those there's no there is an API you can pay for but you have to have an account and to have an account with them cost a ton of money and this is a cheaper workaround think of it as you know like open router for you know different LLMs so you need to go to pi aapi.ai AI, create an account, and I think they give you like a couple bucks to start, so you shouldn't have to put any money in, but you will eventually need some sort of billing. And so to do that, you'll eventually come down to settings here on the left. You'll go to API keys, and this is where you're going to create your API key. Just hit create new, and that's what you'll be using inside of here. So if I if I open this up, what you need to fill out as a user is this X API key. So this is the API key and this is where you get it from. So you'll go to create new key, you'll hit copy, and then you'll put it into there. Now, if you want more information about these particular APIs, you just need to go over here and go to them. So like Flux, right, it'll give you kind of an overview of how it works, the different models that are available, the pricing. So in this case, we're using flux.1dev, which is about um 1.5 cents per run. They also have a playground, so you can actually mess with different prompts, play around with the settings to see, you know, kind of what a image that you're trying to create would look like. So that's PI API and that's how we get the API key. And beyond that, this will already be filled out for you via the template. And then for the body, alls we're doing is we're taking the image prompt that we created before and dragging it into here. So for image prompt, for example, I'm just taking this content and we're dragging it into here where it says prompt. That's what's happening. And then once we do that, it's sending a request to PI API, which isn't sending a request to Flux to create that image. And we also have a wait module here because it takes a little time um for that image to be created. This right now is set to 3 minutes. Honestly, that's very conservative. It usually takes like a minute tops, but you'll have it wait for a few minutes. And then we have another module where we actually then grab that image URL. So when this runs, it goes and it looks for the image URL and you'll see it right here. So you can just copy paste this into your browser and you can see the actual image that was created. And it will do this for every single scene, right? You'll see this says three items right there. So it's going to do all three images, all three prompts automatically. And now when we look at video generation, it's pretty much the same exact logic, right? We're now sending that image to cling via PI API. It does it automatically for all the images. We wait for it to generate and then we pull the video. So if we look at the actual module itself, same deal as before. We're going to use that same API key we grabbed from PI API and dump it in here. And then when we look at the prompt we're sending it, right, we have a couple different things we can play around with like the mode and stuff like the scale and pan and tilt. Like you can play around with all this. But what's happening here? Well, the prompt is being pulled, right? We're mapping it from the video prompt. So right here, this is where this goes. And then the other thing we're doing is the image URL. So, we're mapping the image URL from this module to this module. That way, it automatically knows, hey, that's the image I'm supposed to grab. Hey, that's the prompt I'm supposed to use. Okay, now it's time to render the videos. Now, I think this is a good time to talk about the price and what our options look like. So, as I've talked about before, each image we generate via Flux is 1.5 cents. And here's where you start to see the video generation price start to kind of creep up. So the videos you're seeing are with the weakest and least expensive model that is cling 1.5 and it's costing us 26 cents per video which means for just a 15-second video, right? 75 cents and you start to think about it. Okay, I'm going to have to test a bunch of stuff and it might take me a while to get what I want. So you can see very quickly you just run four videos that just cost you a dollar. How many videos will it take for you to get it to where you need to be? Who knows? But this is why you want to play around with these lower quality models and really fine-tune it to get it where you want. And similar to Flux, you can come in here inside API, go to the cling section here on the left, and you can start doing, you know, stuff in the playground where you play around with prompts, negative prompts, durations, ratios, creativity, pro mode, all this stuff. And you can also see kind of what each one gives you and what the price is. So, for their best model, like those really good videos that you're seeing get a bunch of views, you're looking at almost a dollar per 5-second video, right? Not cheap, but if you're going for the best you can get, that's what you're going to want to use. And same thing for the image models. If you want the best you can get, upgrade your flux model or upgrade to midjourney. And if you're saying like, "Hey, Chase, I want to upgrade to like cleaning 2.0. How would I do that? Where would that happen?" You would come down here and it would be in the body, right? And you would change, you would add an input, you would add like version and you would put like 2.0. That's what it would look like. And where did I find that information? If you come back to PI API and you go to run API, it'll give you a bunch of information about how the API is working and what the prompts are. And if that's all way too confusing and this looks like a bunch of nonsense, you know what we do? We copy paste all this. We dump it into something like chat GPT and we say, "Hey, I need some help with this. What do I need my, you know, kind of like output, my JSON format to look like to get this thing?" So that's how that works. That's how you can play around with it. And that's kind of what we're looking at when it comes to the price differences. So we send in the image. This is a 10minute wait time. Again, is it a conservative? Yes. Sometimes it just takes six, seven minutes, but better to be conservative on the wait times. That way you don't have some like weird stuff where the workflow kind of just seizes up when it's asking for videos that don't exist yet. So it does that. Then it's going to go to get video in similar situation to like when we got the image. What are we looking for? We're looking for a image UR video URL, right? So here's one of them. And you can test it out by just copy pasting it into your browser. And here's what we get for the Nebula stuff. Right? Cool. No sound though, no caption yet. All right, so now we've generated our images. We've turned them into videos. Now we want to get some sort of audio. How do we do that? Well, we are going to use 11Labs. So 11labs.io is a really cool like AI web app that allows us to do all sorts of stuff with voice like text to voice, give it prompts, all sorts of stuff. What we need though is we need an API key. So, for 11 Labs, again, start talking about pricing, you are going to need to use the starter pack. Now, there is a free trial, but I will say when you use the free trial APIs and some sort of automation that's running for any amount of time, it doesn't really like that and sometimes it will like flag your account for rate limiting and shut it off. So, maybe it will work for you. I've had the opposite experience. And so, if you want to be sure, you can do the starter for five bucks a month, which is all you need. And once you do that, you would just go to API API keys and then create an API key. Right from there, you would copy it. You'd come back into here and you would dump that API key right down here under XI API key. Now for the important part, the prompt. Right? So, we're actually using a pretty simple prompt uh for this. We're just telling it to generate a looping soundtrack for the atmosphere of idea. Right? In this case, a looping ambient soundtrack evoking the atmosphere of space, right? Very simple. Again, if you have something much more concrete in mind, this is where you would change the system prompt. So, the nice thing about 11 Labs is able to create that really fast. We then upload the MP3 from 11 Labs to Google Drive. And then we also need to update access for this file so that we can eventually use it here with creatate. Now let's review where we're at now in the chain. Right? We've done all our prompts. We've generated the images. We generated the video and generated the audio. We essentially have all the disperate parts that we want for our video. We now just need to mash them all together and edit it. So what I'm going to show you now is how we can send it to Creatomate. But again, let's talk about cost. Create great tool. I can take these disperate parts and have it all automatically edited. However, you're going to be paying at minimum $50 a month. So, 50 bucks a month. Pritoate actually does give you a pretty good amount of editing, but there isn't really a lower tier that makes sense for us. So, this is where you need to start thinking about, okay, where can I start to cut costs? And frankly, I think while I will show you how to render it, you know, I think this is a good place where you might want to think, hey, what if I just have everything created in disparate parts and I edit it myself, right? I think that's an easy route to go down. And with $50 a month of savings, you can definitely start to justify now, hey, let's go up to claim 2.0 instead of 1.5. Let's go from Flux Dev to Flux Pro. And I think this is where the automated editing is like a nice to have versus like this is what makes the video, right? Cuz what really makes the video? What makes the video is a really good image and a really good like video creation piece. It isn't the editing, right? And in fact, you're kind of limited into what you can do with the editing as you'll see. I mean, it does a lot considering it's automated, but again, were you making money on these things? Are these videos getting millions of views because they were automatically edited in CreativeMate or are they getting millions of views because they had a beautiful image that they then you know turned the video creation power up to 11 and got that final product. So things to think about but for the sake of this lesson I'm going to go into creative mate where to sign up how to use it etc. So what you see here with this aggregate and the merge and eventually this list elements is this is just us playing around with the data. So we can get to a point where we have something that looks like this. Like a nice outputed a nice output in one item that gives us our scene titles, our video URLs and the sound URLs. And in this case, I just have it create one 5-second URL because I find that just having the looping 5-second URL, 5-second audio tends to be a bit better than trying to do a long drone out one or something along those lines. So, that's how I approach it, but you can obviously edit that as you wish. So, let's talk about Cremate, right? We get all those elements and then we send it here. And now you'll want to go to Creatomate, which is creatate.com. And this is what it looks like. Again, we got some pricing stuff. It does have a free trial for 2 weeks. So, go ahead and do that. And then once you're inside there, I'll show you how we can create our video template. This is what you're going to see inside Creatomate. And the first thing we need is our API key. To get that, click the three buttons up top. Go to project settings. And then you're going to see this thing that says API key. Click to reveal. Copy that. Go back into N. And inside this render video area, you're going to then paste your API key in here. Now remember, you will need this value that says bearer, capitalize the B space API key. Okay. So now we need to create a video template. So you're going to go to templates, new, start from scratch, 916, create template. And then it's just going to look blank like this. But we want the template that you saw there on the screen for a second. And for that we need to import some code. Now you can get this code from the school and you can just copy paste it in and it's going to look like this. And now what we have is a template that includes text, video and audio just like we've been created for three different scenes. Right? And so what's now going to happen is we are going to take the code for this template, put it back into Nitn, and when we run that automation, it's going to automatically know like, hey, the text goes here, the video goes in this slot, and I'm going to put some audio behind it. And so to do that, you're going to come up here to the right where it says use template. You're going to click that. You're going to go to API integration, and you see this thing where it says template ID. You're going to copy that. You're then going to go back into the render visual module, open this up, and then paste the ID, right? And then you're all set. Now, you might be thinking right away, well, Chase, what if I don't want three audio sources? What if I wanted a 10 scene video? How would I do that? How would I be able to change that? Well, here's what I would do. You're going to go back to this template, right? You're going to open up that source code. You're going to copy paste that. and you're going to go to something like Gemini Chat GPT. Paste the code and be like, "Hey, I was using this for Creative Mate. It was for three scenes. I want the same kind of like form and and style, but I now want it for 10 scenes. Can you give me that code?" It's going to give you the code back and you're just going to put it in here. That would then give you, you know, 10 scenes of this. The next step would be coming in here, right? And in this prompt, just adding more sources. So I have video source three. If I wanted to do four, I'd come in here and I would change that to video source four, right? And video URL three and etc. That's how you would kind of edit this format. So once it does that, it's going to then take everything we gave it, right? Captions, video, you know, music, just automatically splice it all together, and then it's going to dump it into our Google sheet. So now that we're back in our Google sheet, it's now populated it with the video link. When we run it for real, it'll switch this also to complete. And from there, you can go to the link, download it, and do whatever you want to do with it. So that is how this whole thing works. So again, there's a lot of steps going on here. We're calling a bunch of different APIs. We have like four different prompt modules. So this automation is kind of a beast and there's a lot of stuff going on here. But I hope this video was able to kind of show you from beginning to end how all these modules are working, what you need to edit and then also how you can change things and make things better. Like I said, um I kind of dive into this in potential enhancements over here. The first one being tighter scope, right? This template I have right here is pretty, you know, um idea agnostic. And if you have a specific niche of videos you're trying to create, you need to go in here into the prompts and start editing them appropriately. Second thing to make this better is do you want some sort of automatic posting to socials, right? That's something you could also add on the back end of this, whether that's YouTube or something like Instagram. And then lastly, hey, do we want to edit this automatically or do we want to save 50 bucks a month and actually start using better image sources, using better video generation? Right? That's something you're going to have to decide. I also had a note here about GBT. I know over the last couple weeks, you know, open a came account like an amazing, you know, image generation source, but unfortunately there's no API for that yet. And I think that's going to change very, very soon, which should be super exciting because now you can create like really cool images. And once that happens and you're using this template, just remember nothing changes too much. you're just going to be changing this one and this one to something that's now calling open API and then getting the image from the same place. So, um again, hope this kind of made sense to you. If it doesn't, leave leave a note in the comments and I'll see you

=== n8n Beginner Workflow: Automate AI Music & Image Creation ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpbXtwqSjC0

Hey everybody. In today's video, I'm going to show you this really cool beginner level NAD AI automation. And in this one, what we do is we're able to automatically generate our own music and also images associated with that music via this workflow that you could combine to create something like your own YouTube background, you know, music channel. But I really like this automation. Not because I'm trying to create a YouTube channel, really show you how to do that. But I think it's a great like stepping stone into more complicated AI automations that you can create using edit. And in this one, we're able to do a lot of different things, right? We take data from Google Sheets. We invoke LLMs. We even do HTTP requests. We're working with API keys. And then we take all the stuff, combine it together, and we eventually put it back into Google Sheets. So, I think it's a really cool lesson. You can kind of get your feet wet with NAN stuff, and at the end, you do get to create some pretty cool music and images. So, follow along with me. We're going to do this completely from scratch and at the end you'll kind of see what you can create. So before we get in there and start building, let's quickly go over how this entire automation actually works. So starting on the lefth hand side, we have this Google Sheets module. And this is where we're pulling in our data, right? We have the index, we have the status of the project, and then we have a title and the prompt. And this prompt is what is going to be used both for the image and for the music itself. and the title is something that's going to be generated alongside it. Now, there's two ways you could do this, right? You could do this the manual way where you go in, you already know what you want it to sound like, and you want to fill in the title, or we can kind of automate this process and use something like chat GPT to help us out. So, if you're lazy like me, you're going to want to use chat GPT. And so, I have a prompt that you can use. It's inside the school, so just copy from there that you can use to have it generate all that sheet for you. Now, there's a few things you are going to want to edit. Like right here it says this is a channel that's centered on space. It says it's lowfi music, right? There's also stuff here like we have 15 rows and you know there's a title that you can put in here. So feel free to edit this, right? We're just going to do a space theme and it's going to be lowfi, but it could be whatever you want. And when you put that in there, you should get a response from chat GBT that looks like this. And you'll notice, hey, it has an index, a status, it gives us a title, it gives us a prompt, right? So, we really don't have to do too much work besides just having a general idea of what we want the music to sound like. So, once it does that, you're going to copy it. And you should have a sheet that's blank and looks like this. Again, the template for this particular sheet is in the school. So, we're just going to copy all that in. And this is what it's going to look like. So, now we have a filled out Google sheet that has some data that our automation can pull from. Okay. Now that we understand what's going on inside that Google sheet and what sort of data is being pulled, you can now see that it's going to go down two paths. Either the image generator path or the music generation path. Now up here in the image generator path, we first send it to the AI, a basic LL chain. And what we're doing is we're having it create a prompt for a text to image generator because remember we have a prompt already in the Google Sheets, but that that's a prompt for music generation. Right now we want to create an image. So the prompt has to be a little bit different. So essentially we feed that text to music prompt to it, but we tell it, hey, this is a text to music prompt. Can you change that to a text to image prompt based on that music prompt? Right? Give me something that's going to like be in the same ballpark. And it says, "Okay, sure." It sends that to PI API and Flux. So that's the program we're going to be using to create the image. We then wait for it to create the image. We eventually download that image and then we upload it to Google Drive. So that's what's happening in a nutshell up here in image generation. Then we have music generation, right? So we already have the prompts. We kind of just skip this step. So we immediately send our prompt also to PI API. It's using a um program called diff rhythm. So we send it our prompt, we wait for it to generate the music, we download the song, and then we upload it to our Google Drive as well. And then eventually we update our Google sheet saying, "Hey, this whole thing's complete." So, that's how this all works in a nutshell. Now, let's create our own workflow and build this out one step at a time. So, I just wanted to pause here real quick and say if you're looking for the template for this particular build, you can find it inside my school community. I have a link to that below and you can find that lesson and others like it inside the classroom which also have templates. So, if you're looking for a place to start and you're brand new to this whole AI space, you're not technical, I suggest checking this out. Okay, so here I am in a new workflow and the first thing we're going to do is let's just get that trigger out of the way. And then we want to look for Google Sheets and we're going to do get sheet get rows and sheets because we want to get the information. And so what we want to do here is we need to connect our document. So you need to choose it from a list. In this case, I'm just going to be using the nit end music automation and then it's just going to be sheet one. Now we need to add a filter, right? because we want the status to be to-do. Remember, right, it can either be to-do, processing, or complete. We don't want it to grab ones that are complete. We want it to grab it if it needs to be done. So, that's what that looks like. And then we also want to return only the first matching row, right? I just want it to give us the first row. I don't want it to go through all of them all at once. Let's just do one song at a time. So, once we do that, we can actually test this step and we can see, hey, this is the status. This is the title and we got the prompt. So, we know that one's working. So, let's go through the music generation portion of this flow first. And for that, we're going to be using PI API, which means we need to go to PI API, create an account, and grab an API key. So, go ahead and go to PI API.ai. You're going to go to workspace, and then you're going to need to create an API key. Now, if this is your first time using PI API, you'll see up here on the right, these are your total funds. You should start with, I think, like $2, which will be enough for this automation. But if you come down here to billing, you can always top it off and add a few more dollars. Now, just above billing, we have API key. And this is where you're able to create a new key. You name it whatever you want, and then it's going to populate down here. Once you want to use your API key, and I'll show you when you need to. You're just going to come down here, hit the copy button, and you'll be good to go. And while we're here, we can kind of look at the two different models we're going to use, right? First one, like I said, is diff. And we can click on there. We can kind of get an overview of how it works. We can go into the API documentation if we'd like to. And you can even go in here in the playground. And this is where you could test out different prompts. You can even add lyrics, all sorts of stuff. So, this is a cool place to kind of do some testing before you like hardcode it into the automation itself. Up here in image models, we also have Flux. And again, similar thing, you have a playground where you can kind of mess with prompts to see what image it would create. And then you can look at different models, their pricing, the API documentation, etc. So, now that we have our API key, let's go back into here and we're going to do an HTTP request because we need to make a request to PI API to run all this stuff for us. But what do I put for the URL? What do I put for the headers and the body and all that stuff? It can be kind of confusing. So, let me show you how you can find that out. So back inside PI API, we can go to run API and this is where we have all this documentation which I know can be frightening, right? But you can come down here and usually it'll give you some sort of sample and what we're looking for is this curl, the C URL now. I can copy this whole thing. I can go back to Nen. And you see up here where it says import curl. Click that. Paste it all in there. Import it. And look at that. It just filled out a bunch of stuff for us already. And so if you're ever confused or want some sort of like template, always look for like the curl, import it and it will pretty much give you everything you need. We just got to fill out a couple stuff ourselves now. So X API key. What do we put here? You guessed it. Go put in your PI API key. Next, we have the body, right? The JSON body. You want to put this to expression. And we want to pull this up. So it has the model, right? diff, rhythm, pass type, audio, bass, lyrics. We don't have any in there. This is the prompt, right? Just now it would just do a pop song, but we already have that prompt, remember? So, we want to map it. And we'll see here we have our prompt on the left hand side. We're going to pull that into style prompt. Do that. You'll see over here on the right what that comes out to. And it's that lowfi track inspired by drifting through glowing nebula. Now, the next thing you want to do is up here on task type. We're going to change this from bass to full. Now, why are we doing that? If you looked at the overview of diff rhythm on PI API, bass gives us like a minute 20 song and full will give us a full 4 minute and 30 second song. They both cost the same. It's like 2 cents. Okay. So, that's pretty much it for requesting the song. So, do test and you'll see here now the status is pending, right? It's creating the song for us. But everything else you can take a look at, make sure it all checks out. So we've requested the song. The next thing we need to do is actually get the song, right? So going to be another HTTP request. Now looking back at this one, you'll see the method was post. Post means we're essentially pushing information to another program, right? We're pushing our request to PI API. We're pushing that prompt in there because we want it to do something for us. Now to get the song back, the method is, you guessed it, get. And again, how do we fill this out? What do we put here? Well, let's go back into here on this diff rhythm API stuff. And you'll see here on the left, this generate audio. That's what we did first. See how it says post? Well, now we want to do get. So, if we click on get task, it would give us to a different page. And just like before, we found this curl. Let's copy it. Let's import it. Let's see what it gets us. Right. Hey, similar stuff. X API key. Again, put your API key in there. And then we don't even have to worry about setting any sort of body. But what we do need to worry about is this task. So, we need to actually map something here. And what do we need to map? I need you to put a slash. And then we need to find the task ID. So, right up here. And we're going to put that in on the back if it wants to work with us. There we go. Now get rid of this space. So now it knows, hey, you're going to get, but I want the specific task, right? That specific song we asked for. So don't forget that step. It's critical. Make sure you don't have a space in it. So now we can test the step and let's see if we got it. Well, now the status is complete and we actually have an audio URL. So, let's take a look at what it sounds [Music] like. Cool. So, the next thing we need to do is actually download that file, right? We got the URL, but we want to automatically download it. And that's going to be another HTTP request. And this one's pretty easy, though. All we're going to do for the URL is we're just going to find the audio URL, put it in there, and you're all set. Test the step, and we downloaded it. So, quick recap of what's happened with these three straight HTTP request modules, right? Requested the song, got the song URL, downloaded the song. All that's left is we just want to upload the song back to our Google Drive. So, we're going to search for Google Drive. We're going to go to upload file, and we're just going to call this the name. So, we can actually go back to Google Sheets, right? And if we scroll down, we'll find the title. We'll call it title and then dot MP3. And then you can save that wherever you want in the drive. I actually have a diff rhythm folder. Test the step. And we should see some sort of output like this. You can go inside your Google Drive and confirm you actually got it as well. So boom, there we go. We now have an automation that will request songs to be created for us and automatically upload them into the Google Drive. Now let's go on to the second step which is doing the uh images. So what we want is an LLM chain. So basic LLM chain pull this guy up here and we can just connect it like this. Now we want to add a model and for that we're just going to do open AI. Now remember, if you ever have questions about how these modules work or if you need to create a new credential and need help, just hit that open docs button and follow the steps. So for this, we're just going to do 4.1 nano. And then inside here, what do we want the prompt to be? Well, obviously we have in there chat trigger connected to it. So we need to do define below and we want to take in that prompt and map it here. Then like we talked about before, we need a system prompt. And it's the same one I mentioned previously and this is in the school for you to copy paste if you want. But hey, just create a prompt based on what I'm getting you for an image generator. And for that, we're all set. We can test the step and you see what it gives us. Okay. Now, it's going to be a pretty similar situation, right? What do you think is going to happen next? We're going to request for an image to be generated. We're then going we're going to put sorry we're going to do post request for the image generation. We're going to do a get request for the image URL and then we're going to download the image art URL. So what you could even do here, right, don't ever be afraid to do this. We could just copy. You can pretty much just copy all these, right? Copy all these, drag them up, paste them in. Now we just have to go through one by one and just change a couple things, right? Cuz we know this will probably be the same. API key will be the same, but this this will be different. So, let's go into PI API. Let's kind of do what we did before, right? We What are we looking for? We're looking for image models. We're looking for flux. I'm going to go to run API and let's find their curl, right? So, we got text to image. There's post. Now, where's your where's your curl? Right. Uh here it is. Here's the curl. And you know, hey, we can just do this whole copy paste thing again if we want. Come up to import, paste it in. All set, right? So now we just need our API key again. Put your API key in there. And then we just need to edit this JSON. Right? So we set it to expression. And what do we put for the prompt? Well, now you should start to kind of pick up the the pace of this. We're taking that LLM chain text, put it into there, right? That's what we're looking for. So, let's test it. And there we go. It's currently pending. Now, next step. What do we have here? Well, what's nice about this is look, it already it already automated. It already automatically updated the task ID for us, right? Similar thing. Make sure you have that task ID in there. Make sure this actually matches up. And it looks like it does. So that's nice for us. API keys in there. And yeah, you can keep that the same. And then give it like honestly 60 seconds and then do test step. And that should have been enough time for the image to be created. Okay, now let's test the step. And look, it says it's completed. And let's find that image URL and see what it made us. All right, pretty cool image. So next we just need to download it. And obviously it won't be the audio URL this time. It's going to be that image URL which is right here. Paste it in. Test the step. Now we got our image. And then just like before, what are we going to do with that image? We're going to send it over to Google. So put it in data. What do you want the name to be? So we could go to Google Sheets and we could call it the same as the title, right? and just do like a JPEG or you could call it like underscore picture, whatever you want to do. We'll just keep the same name and make it a JPEG. And I'm also going to put it in the same folder. There we go. We're all set. So cool. Just like that, we created an automation that every time you click this button, it's going to check the Google Sheets and create an image and create some music for you. Now, the last thing we need to do is create some sort of update system. That way, every time we run it, it doesn't do the same row over and over and over. We want to be able to set you know this status eventually to complete. So how do we do that? So we're going to add down here another Google sheet tab except this time we are going to uh append or update row sheet. Which one are we going to do? Find your correct list. Correct sheet. Now, the column you want to match on is we're going to match on index. And so, just come in here. You set that to index. Put that here. It's okay if it's grayed out. And then status, you're going to put complete. So, it's going to make sure it's on the right, you know, row based on the index. And then it's going to change the status to complete. So, let's test that step. And if we come back in here, we'll see it got moved to complete. And from here, you can connect these. And that's it. It's all complete. The only thing I would add here is add some weight timers, right? We'll do for the music you could do 20 seconds. Um, and then for the image, give it, you know, wait give it like 90 seconds, right? We're just putting in these here. So, when you run this automation for real, it gives it time to create the image and gives it time to create the music. Um, we didn't need that while we were setting up because it took us time to do the modules, but in production, that's what you want it to look like. So, there you go. Um, like I said, I think this is a pretty simple but u useful automation, right? We got to play with LLMs. We got to play around with different like sheets modules, pulling data from one side and eventually combining it all on the other. And you got some um practice with HTTP requests, which always tend to be tricky. Um, so I'm glad we got to do some of the curl stuff. So, uh, let me know how this worked for you. Also, if you're wondering how you got like the, you know, colored boxes in the back ever, uh, all you have to do is do sticky note, add sticky note, and you can always Oops. You can always move these around, change colors. Um, yeah. So, anyways, let me know uh how this worked for you. As always, uh, leave something in the comments and I'll see you

