=== Uptime Kuma v2 is HERE // Breaking Changes & Safe Upgrade Checklist ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mX-_HwKz_Ds

Hey guys, Christian here and in this video I'd like to show you how to easily and safely upgrade to the new version two of Uptimekuma, the free open-source and easy to use self-hosted monitoring tool. That's probably one of my most favorite HomeLab apps and services because I'm using it to monitor any of my critical infrastructure and services, get detailed statistics about up and down times, or also get notified about system outages on my Discord server. This is really a great app and the new version two gives us some cool new features like instead of being limited to the SQLite database, we can now add a real Maria DB database back end for better performance and better scalability of this application as well as some new notification providers. Also, Docker secret support for all the guys who love Docker Swarm and many many more small improvements to this app. but it also introduced some breaking changes that you definitely should be aware of. So, I thought let's make a quick video about it. Even though the first beta versions of Uptimeka version 2 were already released in October last year. So, yeah, I know I'm a little late with the video. By the way, I'm also uploading all of the commands and instructions we are covering in this video to my new website Christianer. So, you don't have to type all the uh backup commands while watching the video. Check it out. link is in the description. And before we start, I quickly want to show you a new tool that helps you managing all your projects and tasks. The sponsor of today's video called Dart AI. Dart AI is a truly AI native project management tool. Meaning AI isn't just bolted on as an extra feature. It's built into how the whole thing works. And it's super easy and intuitive to use. You just organize your work in project spaces where you can create task lists, so-called dart boards, and set things like priorities, sizes, assignments, due dates, and so on. And you can also create markdown based documentation files directly inside Dart to keep everything in one place. I really love this. And what certainly stands out in Dart is that it integrates with so many tools that you might be already using such as your calendar, email, Slack, Discord, GitHub, and notion, but also AI tools like JGPT, Claude, MCP, and even N8N. So everything stays connected in one central place. But by far the coolest feature are AI skills because they let you turn repeatable AI prompts into one-click solutions and you can use that throughout your entire team. Think about prompts for planning projects or researching technical topics, writing change logs or generating proof of concept task lists and whenever you need a new one, you just open the AI chat, type at pick the skill and Dart takes care of all the rest. So I personally think is a super useful tool and if you want to try it out as always link is in the description. All right guys, so now let's get started and let's upgrade one of my uptime Kuma testing instances that still runs on the old version one to the new version two. Again before we do anything we should take a look at the migration guide which actually mentions multiple times back up your data directory. This is super important. And if you're using a persistent Docker volume, if you're using my Docker compos templates, you of course need to take a backup from the directory inside the containers file system. So, this is the first thing that I'm showing you how to properly do this. There are also some breaking changes described in this migration guide. Double check if you are affected by any of these, but um yeah, for most HomeLab installations, you probably should not be worried about it. And then there are also some Docker only breaking changes that are important for anybody using or following my tutorial videos. One thing is that they dropped the support for Alpine based Docker images. Honestly, I'm not using them in my templates. Even though Alpine is a great Linux distro for small and efficient Docker images, but I've already got many many problems with these Alpine based images in other applications like Postgress for example or also EngineX. So, um yeah, I know these images take less space on the disk, but they don't always include all the right tools and um the dependencies that might be needed for certain features. And therefore, I think the decision was uh to drop the support for these images. Also, there are some new tags um introduced like the version two or slim and rootless tags. So, you definitely should take a look at this file here as well. So the Docker text here has described what these slim and rootless tags all mean. So they are usually smaller image sizes, but they are also missing a few important features. Again, I'm personally not a big fan of these. So when you're using my Docker Compost templates, uh we will just use the normal full version of the version two. One thing that is really important if you're using a latest uh Docker tech. Honestly guys, I've said that so many times in all of my video tutorials. It is never a good idea to use the latest tech because if you're using the latest tech, you actually never really know what version you are using and pulling down. Therefore, the developers also made the decision to deprecate the latest tech completely. So, the latest tech will not be upgraded um in Uptimekuma anymore. You have to specifically set it from latest or version one to the version two otherwise you won't get this upgrade. Also, when we return once more to the migration guide, there's another important thing to be aware of. If you specifically want to migrate existing uptime Kuma installations from SQLite to Maria DB, this is not fully supported at least by the developers because um you need to export the data from the old SQLite database. Then convert this into the Mariabs SQL dialect using third party tools such as SQLite uh to MySQL and then import this into the database server. Don't worry, we are doing this together in this video because I think that might be useful. But if you just have a very small home lab that you are monitoring, you probably can just continue using escolite. There's nothing wrong with this. I've also upgraded my boiler plates repository to include a new compose file of uptimekuma in the version two that also supports Maria DB or SQite. You can choose based on the variables. By the way, if you are completely new, you don't know my boiler plates repository, I link you the video tutorial for this in the description box down below. It's also great that makes the deployment on of all these uh compost files or automating um certain templates and tasks much easier for you. By the way, for all the people in my community, I'm also working on a new version free of boiler plates. I'm not going to introduce any details in this video, but just as a heads up, there's something big coming in the next month which I'm currently hardly working on. So stay tuned and keep an eye on the discord server. But yeah, let's uh get started with the migration. I think we've covered all of the important things you should be aware of. So I'm running a test installation of Uptime Kuma in the version one. These are all the monitors that I'm currently running. And this is the directory where we have a simple compos file running the version one. You could also run the latest tag. That wouldn't make any difference at all. And now let's together upgrade this to the new version two. So again the very first thing that we should do is take a backup of that volume. Otherwise we might lose all of the monitors configuration the admin users all of the historical data and the metrics. Um that would not be great. So first of all let's run a docker compose down of course without the volumes and remove oftence that would delete the persistent volume datas. If we execute a docker volume ls you can see there is my uptime kuma docker volume that contains all of the important data. And to back up this, I'm always using a small and simple uh bus bybox docker image with a simple tarball command that will copy all of the data from within the docker volume and package this in a tarball archive. If we execute this, it will start a small container, copy all of the data and then we should see a backup from the version one database. You could also take a look at this. Uh if we create a new directory and execute a tar xfz backup v1. Then if we execute an ls backup v1, you can see all of the files that are inside this tabul archive that we could use to restore the kuma.db. So this is the esculite database that contains all of the important data. It is important to take one backup of the version one database. then start the automated migration and take a new backup of version two. Again, now let's do this. To start the migration, you simply just need to update the Uptimekuma image to the version two. This is recommended. This will just use the latest version two of Uptimekuma. Or if you want uh to pick a specific release here, for example, the version 2.1.3 is uh released two weeks ago. So then you can also use uh that as a pint taged version and then do all of the minor um upgrades manually as well if you want. And yeah before we change anything inside the compost file let's just run this uh docker compost. One thing to notice if the migration starts you should see this in the logs migrating aggregate table and this can take quite a long time. I know in this case it just took a few seconds because this is just a fresh and simple test instance but I can tell you from my own experience I've done the migration on my production uptime Kuma instance this took about like six or seven minutes so if you got a large database this is also mentioned in the migration guide be patient um don't be worried if the new version two container doesn't immediately come up just take a look at the lock files there you should see a percentage of the total migration process and then you can see when it's done or if there are any errors during the migration. You should also not stop the container while it's migrating otherwise the database is damaged and you will certainly need to restore from the backup and start over. So this is important. You can also see the new version two um picks the database type SQite because we haven't reconfigured this and yeah if you're using a small instance again it is totally fine. So, if you're one of the small HomeLab users and you don't care about Mariab, you can probably just stop the video right now and then you're done. But if you're interested in how to actually switch or um convert the SQLite database to Maria DB, then keep watching. I'm going to show that right now because it's actually not that uh difficult to be honest. Just know that it is not officially supported by the maintainers of Uptimekuma. First of all, let's create a new backup of the version two. So we are using the same container but I'm just going to create a new tarball. So there it is. And I'm also going to extract this into the backup v2 directory because we need that later. So here you can see this is the upgraded kuma db. And now we can modify some of the environment variables inside the uptimekuma container. If you want to know how that works, um you can just go to the uptime kuma repository and then go to the wiki. There is a section called environment variables. This tells you everything um how to configure the database type. So here for example um the database type can be switched from SQI to Mariab. Then you need to enter the host name if you are using an external database, the port, the name, username, password. By the way, if you're interested in Docker Swarm, this is not part of this tutorial video. Um, but if you might be interested in it, you could also use these environment variables to load the credentials from a Docker secret. You probably should know this if you've watched my Docker Swarm tutorial. But for now, we are using a simple standalone Docker Compose project. So, we don't have to mess around with that. But we certainly need to add these environment variables and we also need a database server. Let me for a second open the template here that I have created. So here in this template you can see I've added some variables depending on what you configure using my CLI tool. It will set the environment variables. It will also autogenerate a secure password that is uh stored in av file and that project you could then upload to your docker server and you're ready to go. You could also set traffic uh labels for reverse proxy if you're interested in this. And if you don't select an external database, it would also spin up a new Maria DB container with uh the configured variables, a persistent Docker volume. For this, just uh go to my GitHub repository, boiler plates, download the CLI tool. Make sure to always do a repo update. This will download the latest versions of the templates to your local machine. And then you can use the boiler plates compose list command to get a list of all the um published um templates that I have created on my git repository library. So here's the one for uptime kuma. So if we show the details of this template you can see these are all of the variables that you can configure. Uh by default it's not enabling traffic. It's um not enabling uh any database server. It's using SQLite. But if you want to customize this, you can just use the compose generate uh command uh with a dash o. You could also specify the directory where it should write that to. I'm just specifying the current directory. Uh first of all um I should uh rename my existing compos file to oldmpose. And uh then if we hit enter, you can uh customize any of the settings. For example, the service name uh which is a required variable by default set to uptime kuma could use a different name. Uh but for most of these variables I'm fine with the default arguments here unless stopped is also fine. The port um I don't want to use traffic for this example. So we can just skip traffic and traffic TLS. But here the database type this is no important because here I want to switch from SQLite the default to Maria DB. So that enables all of the other variables here. First of all, you could just connect to an external database server if you got that running in your home lab. In my case, uh I'm saying no because I want to use uh another container in the same docker compos project. The database name can be uptime kuma. That's fine. The user as well. The password you can now type in a secure and strong password you want to use or just hit enter to autogenerate this uh with the boiler plate CLI tool. Also, the database port is fine and there is no a warning because the current directory is not empty. So it would override any compose file in this uh project. Um but that's fine. So I'm going to say yes. So boilerplate was generated successfully. And then we have a compose file that contains all of the important uh configuration variables um that we need to run uptime Kuma in the new version two. All right. So one thing that I need to change for the migration is I need to expose the port um of the database because we want to use the um SQLite free to MySQL conversion tool running on my local machine and that need to connect to the database server to inject the SQLite database. This tool can be installed via homebrew uh on Mac OS. So if you're a Mac user it's super easy. just enter brew installs escqlite free to MySQL and then you can use the tool in your terminal. So uh that's what we're doing. Of course we first of all need to start um the project. So I don't want to start uptime kuma yet. I only want to start the database uh containers. So I'm just entering docker compos up-d specifying the name of the database container. Then it's only starting that container and only creating the volume for this. And then we can use the SQLite uh 3 MySQL tool to convert the kuma.db file inside my backup version 2 directory. And I also need to replace the password with the real password that was generated from my boiler plates tools. And let's hit enter. So then it's doing its magic. It probably will take longer the bigger the database is. So just wait until it's finished. All right. So now the database server got all of the data from my testing instance. You can see this is of course not uh active because it's not running but we should have um correctly imported all of the important data. So what we need to do now is uh we could now start the container and it would work but I want to demonstrate how that would work if you're completely deleting the volume of uptimekuma. So make sure to not delete the database but you can safely delete the data volume. So let's just hit docker compos up d-d and hope that everything works correctly. So if you have done the migration and the conversion of esculite correctly you should have all your data all the monitors and even the historical data um restored correctly and moved to the Mariab database back end. Again, if you're running into any trouble, you could still just shut down the project, delete all the volumes, copy the data from the backup directory back into the containers file system. That would be the disaster recovery if anything goes wrong. You might be wondering why the heck did we do all of this? Well, the main reason for moving to a true Maria DB database back end is that it is better for performance and scalability, especially if you're using Docker Swarm and you want to have some form of redundancy like if you want to move uh the application container to different nodes during updates or anything and you have your um central database server as a back end. It doesn't really matter where you are starting the container. You don't need any Docker volumes at all. That is of course much much better. And yeah, so that's basically everything you have to know. And I hope this video helped you to be aware of all of the important things about the new upgrade. So thanks everybody for watching. Have a nice day. Thanks so much to all the supporters and members of my YouTube channel. You guys are really amazing. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Dokploy vs Coolify // Docker Swarm changes the game! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIn42DgS5cc

Hey guys, it's Christian and today we'll take a look at the two self-hosted app deployment platforms, Koolifi and Docloy. Many of you really liked my recent Koolifi video, but wanted to see a direct comparison against Docky because some of you thought that might be the better solution. They both let you deploy containerized applications and services on your own hardware, but without you having to manually set up the infrastructure or manage the deployment processes. So on paper they seem to do the exact same thing but as always the devil is in the details. There are a few important differences where I personally think Doy is better than Cudify but also some others where Cudify might be better than Docloy depending on what matters most to you. One of them might be a much better fit for your setup. So in this video we'll take a look behind the curtain and compare them side by side. Quick note, it is not a full tutorial. So, here I'm mostly just talking about the features and I will tell you my personal opinion where the one or another solution is better. If you're looking for a step-by-step guide, again, I've already done one for Coolifi. I leave you a link in the description. But if you want a dedicated docloy tutorial as well, then just leave a comment and of course I can make one for you. Let's quickly cover what they both have in common because there is obviously a need for a platform like this that gives you the convenience of a heroko or versal style workflow where you just push your applications to a git repository and the platform then is magically turning this into a live service deployment. Both tools contain a reverse proxy that's handling the incoming traffic, managing TLS certificates and they also can automatically update the application where the code is changing. They basically manage the infrastructure under the hood entirely for you but on your own hardware. That's probably the biggest difference between tools like Dock Ploy and Coolifi and cloud service platforms like Heroku or Versal. Here it's all happening on your local infrastructure. So either your HomeLab virtual servers or if you have a favorite hosting provider of course you can install Dockly or Koolifi on these servers as well. The installation is also super simple. Both tools have a simple oneliner command that you just copy and then paste in the terminal of your virtual servers and they just start doing the installation completely for you. They ask you the one or another question after the setup procedure where you create your Ratman accounts. They are both very simple and easy to set up and also very intuitive to get started. Now after the setup procedure you can log into a nice and clean web interface on docklo or on the koolifi platform and then you can start managing your servers and start configuring it. And here is where they start to diverge a little. But before we start talking about the differences and the exact features of docu and coolify I quickly want to talk about another incredible tool called monday.com. Some of you might already know it, but they just launched some gamechanging AI features that take it to the next level. For example, what caught my attention is their AI assistant called Sidekick. This thing can create boards, write documentation, research online, and so much more to help you not only manage your tasks and projects, but also run your entire operations and workflow to save you valuable time and expand what your teams can deliver. Also, the new VIP apps are amazing. There you just describe what you need in plain English like a buck tracker, incident response workflows or a software release planner and it builds the entire custom application in seconds including columns, views, automations, everything. It is really incredible. And the AI workflows orchestrate entire processes end to end where you can create repeatable automations that happen on specific events like analyzing the severity of incoming tickets and routing this to the right team or summarizing meeting notes and other tasks. The possibilities are really endless. So if you're interested in trying out monday.com for free and you want to check it out, of course you can do that with the link in the description box down below. All right. So now let's come back to dock ploy and koolify. So here I'm logged into my doc plos and koulifies testing instance in my home lab. Currently I'm not running any of them in a production setup. I will later tell you why I'm not doing this but I've been running these two platforms side by side for a few weeks and trying out different things like connecting different git providers, trying out different build types, deploying docker compost stacks, deploying some noode.js JS applications, making some updates on the git repo and seeing how that translates into a live environment. And I personally think that although Cudify is a nice platform, in some ways Docky is much much better. First and foremost, Docy is a swarm first platform. That's probably the strongest argument against Koolifi. Even though that Coolifi has some experimental flex for swarm, if you go to servers management and go to swarm experimental, you can make this node a swarm manager or swarm worker. There's also a documentation that this is an experimental feature. But again, you can see already that cool was not built with Docker Swarm in mind. The installation instructions recommend you that you set up at least one dedicated management server of Koolifi and then add at least one deployment server that has a little more resources where you deploy your applications. And of course you can add more than one server to the Koolifi platform. But still these servers are operating individually. You have to manage the reverse proxy and all the settings on each of them. In dock ploy this is completely different. Once you go through the installation script of DockP, it will automatically enable the swarm mode and create a new cluster on the server you install. And then once you enabled a container registry, you can add more than one worker or manager node to this swarm cluster. It supports the two primary ways to scale your servers. Vertical scaling by adding more CPU or memory into the machines or horizontal scaling by adding multiple servers. Sorry for the light background. I didn't make this presentation by the way. And it also has a multi-node routing model with the traffic reverse proxy under the hood and a load balancer that automatically forwards or redirects the incoming traffic to the actual service applications on your workers. So that is not existing or at least not existing in that same way on the Koolifi platform. And this is in my opinion such a big plus for the docloy platform because if you're using a platform like this you probably expected to have some kind of horizontal scaling method where you can add more than one replica for your application deployments. Also I think that docloy has a much better and simpler user interface and user experience. I know this is very subjective but that's just my honest and humble opinion. I think that the Docloy's user interface looks a lot more professional and find settings for. Of course, Coolify also has a nice web interface and it has dark mode and it of course isn't terrible, but I think there are a lot of different nested menus that are somehow laid out a little weird and there are these annoying sponsorship popups in the Cudifi dashboard. I know that free and open source projects like this, they kind of need a little support and monetization, but yeah, why not just leave a simple link in the dashboard or on your Git repository? You don't actually need an annoying popup that always asks the user to donate money. The Doc doesn't have anything like this. Again, it looks a lot more cleaner and a lot more professional and is in my opinion the better user experience or the better user interface. Also, Docy has many more git providers and options than Koolifi. So, here you can add GitHub, GitLab, both self-hosted and cloud. By the way, you can add Bitbucket, Gy, Docker, a generic git or upload any deployment files. Coolify, you can add a public repository. So, a generic git repo. You can also add a private repo with GitHub apps or a private repository with deploy keys. So that might work on the one or another git platform. For example, in GitLabs, a self-hosted version. I've tried it with deploy keys. But honestly, I think if you don't want to use deploy keys that give the application instantly access to the entire Git platform, you want to use a different way to connect private repositories with some form of API token or SSH authentication. This is not easily possible here in Kify, at least as far as I know. So you can add public repositories or private repos with deploy keys. But here in dock ploy for example you can add a generic g repository and add an ssh key authentication to it. And of course it supports bitbucket and gt that is not even possible in koolifi. So in my opinion this is much better and also other integrations like build type support. So here for example you can add docker files you can add rail packs nyx packs heroku build packs or static applications like spa single page applications on pulify you also have different deploy types for example if you go to public repository uh okay so yeah we need to add some repo again this is kind of the stuff that I personally don't like so much with that user interface but yeah here you can see you have nips pack static docker file and docker compose but you don't have all the options that do ploy supports. Honestly, for me, it is not so uh terrible. But if for whatever reason you're coming from a competitive platform like heroko or Versal and you're using Heroku build packs, that would not be possible in Kudify. But in Docky, so another argument why you would want to use that platform instead of the other. Also, what Koolifi does not have at all is an integrated monitoring section. Here in dock ploy you can see the CPU usage, the memory usage, the disk space across the cluster of course, um the disk and network IO. In my opinion, it isn't the strongest argument for this platform. So that's why I put that in the list down below, but who knows? I mean, if you're using a platform like Hulifi or DOC, you probably don't want to manage infrastructure at all. So maybe you're not willing to manage a Prometheus Graphana instance and then you embrace some kind of monitoring features to have a quick overview. Yeah, that could be an argument. But yeah, these are obviously in my opinion the strongest arguments for using docloy. Also, there is an AI feature that I personally have not tested because I don't know why should I use an AI feature on a platform like this. But yeah, again also not existing in Kulifi. So yeah another argument might be interesting for one or another person. Some other features like the S3 destinations are very similar. So here you can see there are many many uh providers supported on the dock platform. On the Cifi platform these providers are known to work others might work but have not been tested. So again here you can also see that Dock play has been tested against more integrations or more providers as well uh for the S3 storage. Overall I think Doc play sounds like the better solution at least to me. Looks more professional, has better user interface and more integrations, more provider supported but there are still a few things that Koolifi still does better than dock ploy. And of course I want to mention them. First of all, Koolifi has many many uh preconfigured or pre-defined settings and management utilities. One of them might be Cloudflare tunnel. You cannot see this on the local host server. But if you add another deploy server to the Koolifi's platform, you would have a separate menu with Cloudflare tunnels where you just add your credentials and then Koolifi is managing the Cloudflare demon that automatically connects to the Cloudflare servers and initiates a secure tunnel to your local server where you could publish applications to the public internet in a secure and simple way. Doc play also has some integration guide that explain what Cloudfare tunnels is and how to integrate and use Cloudfare tunnels in Doc's environment. It is another guide that you have to run through in Koolifi. This is much better integrated and much simpler to use. Also, what is much better in Coolify than in dock ploy is that it supports multiple reverse proxies. So here for example in the proxy settings you can switch your proxy from the defaults traffic reverse proxy to caddy for example if you prefer that or you could also completely disable the proxy integration. So then you could use your own traffic instance and use whatever is installed on the remote server. Honestly, this is super annoying in the Dockplace platform because Docy uses traffic under the hood and you can also configure it by unblocking the files and jumping in and configuring stuff, but it only supports traffic and only in a very specific way. So, I tried to modify the traffic uh compos files and the traffic configurations in Docky and it was a real pain in the ass. So, I would recommend if you're using doc ploy and that already comes with a preconfigured and pre-installed version of the traffic reverse proxy, just use it as it is and don't try to modify too much. Maybe add your own uh middleware configurations and maybe the one or another setting here and there, but don't try to replace the traffic reverse proxy with something else. This is not working great. instead in Koolifi. That is also not the easiest way to do, but you could do that. So, disable the traffic reverse proxy also and then do your own stuff and Coolifi will still attach the traffic labels to your Docker deployments. So, your custom traffic reverse proxy would pick that up. So it is in my opinion much much easier to manage your own custom reverse proxies or use different reverse proxies in Coolify than it is in dock ploy. So there it probably isn't even possible. Also what Coolifi does a little better if you go to projects and add a resource it supports more database types than dock ploy. Obviously it is not such a strong argument because there are just free others like key DB, Dragonfly and ClickHose. This is not possible in docys. So there you can go to projects and create a database service and choose from Postgress, MongoDB, Mariab, MySQL. Honestly I think yeah these five database types are more than enough. So if you want to deploy another database type well it's super simple on docker. You just create a service called docker compose deploying the database and that's it. But yeah again if you are using these type of platforms you're probably one of the users uh that don't want to set up databases on their own. So there might be one or another use case where you'll think, oh, I'm really into uh click host databases or KDB. Uh that's probably better in Kudify. Also, what Coolifi does a little better than Docky is that it has more guard rails and housekeeping maintenance features. What do I mean by this? Well, you find things in here like a Docker cleanup scheduleuler for example. So that automatically deletes unused volumes, unused networks. It just runs a docker purge command somewhere on a server. uh but that is really important because otherwise the docker images take too much space on your disks and at some point the server is getting full. Coolify does many many of these management tasks like disk usage check or notify you when the disk usage is more than 80%. In doc ploy there's also something like this existing. For example, if you go to a project, you can run any scheduled task here. So add any chron job expression and then run a simple bash or shell script there. You could basically do the same thing. For example, run a database backup or do a docker cleanup. So this is not as such a strong argument for cudify because these maintenance features are more for people that want to have a one-click solution. If you're familiar with server management, you know how to run bash scripts or how to work with chronoprops. There's actually no real reason to choose cooly over docklo just because it has this docker cleanup script. But it still might be interesting for the one or another person that coolify is a little simpler and takes you a little more by the hand when it comes to these type of u management features. Still, in my opinion, Docky is the much better system when you directly compare these two because first and foremost, it uses Swarm. It takes away a lot of the complexity of setting up a cluster, doing load balancing, setting up TLS, certificates, and it supports more integrations like Git providers and build types, and also has a cleaner and simpler user experience in design. So, yeah, if I would have to pick one of these two solutions for my home lab, it probably would be Doc. However, Kulifi seems to be like the more home lever's choice. Yeah, if you don't need Swarm, fine. You have many housekeeping scripts like the Docker cleanup, Cloudflare tunnel integrations, everything you can of course technically do in Docky as well with custom crunch jobs or scripts, but Koolifi makes it a little easier for the less technical person, I guess. And I don't mean this in an offensive or negative way. less technical just means that you probably don't have to manage so much and you just don't have to care so much about the infrastructure which is actually the main reason why you would want to use such a platform in the first place. Anyway, I still don't think that I personally will adopt either of them. Neither do norify and that for one simple reason. I don't like platforms that force you to use them only in the way they want it and abstract things by hiding it from you or making it less customizable. What do I mean by this? Well, just like I explained, they work pretty well if you install them on a fresh and new server. Yeah, set up a new virtual machine, run the oneline script installation command, and you'll be fine. But if you like to integrate either dock ploy or coolify into an existing environment like try to run this on an existing docker swarm cluster where you already have an established uh traffic configuration and everything is running fine and you just like to add dock ploy. Trust me guys, it's just a pain in the ass. Yeah, don't try this. So if you want to use docky or coolify, just set up a new virtual machine. Don't try to install them in an existing environment that doesn't really work well. For me, it's just creating a lot more complexity because I already have my own build process pipelines. I can build applications and container images by using CI/CD. I'm using GitLabci or GitHub actions. Then I seriously don't need a platform that does it all for me, but adds a lot more complexity because it doesn't integrate with the rest of my workflows. So that's why I still would prefer just using GitLab CI or GitHub actions. But again, still I think Docy and Koolifi are great systems and there is obviously a need and a great use case for that. I'm probably just not the main target audience, but maybe you are. And hopefully this video helped you to decide whether you want to use Doy or Koolifi and what is the better system for you. So I would love to hear your opinion about these two platforms. And if you would like to see more tutorials like this, then please don't forget to give this one a like and subscribe to my channel. Again, I could make a dedicated Doc Boy tutorial if you would want, or maybe you have another idea, then you can tell me in the comments. Thanks everybody for watching. A big thanks goes out to all of my supporters. You guys are really amazing. You make all these free tutorials possible. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Minisforum MS-R1 Review: The World's First ARM Mini Workstation ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_QUgxI4OfU

Hey guys, this is Christian and today we are reviewing the Minis Forum MSR1. This was recently sent to me by Minis Forum and honestly I was really excited about holding it in my hands because this little thing here is no regular x86 Intel or AMD CPU. It is the world's first ARM mini workstation with a proper UFI boot. You might be wondering why I'm so excited about it. Well, that's because ARM is well known for being incredibly power efficient. You probably are familiar with the Raspberry Pi. That's a great example for a small and power efficient ARMbased MIDI computer that's often used in home labs or for experiments. But here's the problem. When you need a little more power than a Raspberry Pi, you didn't really have many choices in the ARM world. Sure, there are enterprisegrade ARM servers that usually costs maybe more than $2 or $3,000, but until now, there wasn't really something in between that. And that's exactly where this Mini Forum MSR1 is supposed to fit in. It's a device that costs around like $500 to $600 depending on uh what upgrade you want. You can get it with 32 GB of memory or 64 GB of memory. That of course costs a little more. And yeah, honestly guys, that just sounded too good to be true. A powerful but efficient ARMbased system that could be just amazing for home labs. And yeah, after testing it, I can say it isn't quite what I expected. But yeah, let's start simple and just go over the hardware specs here. As I said, this is the world's first ARM mini workstation supporting UFI. Why is that a big deal? Well, that means you can just use this thing like a regular PC and just install any ARM compatible operating system on it like Ubuntu ARM, Debian ARM, whatever. Any ARM compatible applications will run on it. You can even run a custom version of Proxbox on ARM or even Windows on ARM if for whatever reason you want to do that. But yeah, the freedom is your choice. The special thing about this is that it has a Chinese ARM SOC. So this is the CIX CP8180 that comes with 12 cores, 12 threts, 2.6 GHz, and a 28 watt TDP. Honestly, that's already interesting because we usually see Qualcomm or Apple in this space. It also has an NPU for some AI stuff with 28.8 T ops. Honestly, I haven't tested how good the AI chip is on this little thing, but yeah, you might find some other benchmarks on this system somewhere on the internet as well. My take on this chip is that it sounds decent on paper, but it's a relatively unknown chip, so we'll need to test real world performance, and 28 W sounds efficient, but it has a small problem with idle power consumption. More about that later. It also comes with a 32 or 64 GB of LP DDR5 5500 MHz RAM which is of course soldered so you cannot upgrade it but it has ECC the error correction code on board which is really rare for any consumer mini PCs especially for building storage devices ECC support might be interesting for storage it has a dual M4 NVME slot both full size and this is really great so you can run any RAID systems or install separate operating systems or add storage hard drives. There's also a dual 10 GB Ethernet port on this thing which is using a realtech chip. I've used that same network chip for my open sense firewall, although many people told me to not do that, but uh for me it always worked completely fine. So, I never had any issues with that chip. It also has a full-sized x16 slot which is running on PCI Express 4.0. So, you can add a powerful GPU. I mean, good luck finding ARM drivers, though. But more importantly, you could add a quad port uh network card. You could add capture cards or whatever you want to extend this mini PC with. And this is really nice. It's a small. It sits nicely on a desk without taking too much space. The chassis is probably the best part on this system. You just open it by pressing a little button on the side and then you can just slide out the entire motherboard, giving you full access to all of the components inside. This is really great when you quickly need to swap storage or add a PCI Express expansion card or change anything inside. You quickly get access to all the components. And the build quality is again really solid. Absolutely love this. More importantly, I also ran a Geekbench. Here are the results. So, for single core score, it has 1,326 and a 6,510 multi-core score. Undoubtly much more that you would get on a Raspberry Pi. The Raspberry Pi 5 usually has like 700 single core and about 2,000 multi-core score performance. Actually, it's quite near to the Apple M1 Mac Mini. That, by the way, has a 2,000 single core and about 8,700 multi-core score performance. So, this is somewhere in between the performance of a Raspberry Pi 5 and an Apple M1 Mac Mini. Of course, more in the range of the Apple system, obviously. So, you get about like two or three times the performance of a single Raspberry Pi 5, but of course, you also have to take in consideration that you're probably paying like two or three times the price. I've also tested the power consumption and this is where things are getting a little weird here because honestly I was expecting a much lower idle power consumption. I've tested about like 19 watts on idle and when I was running Geekbench the power consumption went up to 32 watt. I really thought that it would have a much lower power consumption, but that probably depends on the Chinese SOC chip that is maybe not really optimized for power efficiency on idle. I've seen much lower idle power consumptions on equivalent x86 uh CPUs to be honest. So, for example, my open sense firewall, which has a similar minis forum system, runs the AMD Ryzen 5 8,500G, which has a single core score of 2,300 and a multi-core score of 9,444. I think the idle power consumption I've measured on this device is about, let me not lie, but I think it's about like 7 watts on idle or so. So, it's less than half of the idle power consumption of the Minis Fororum MSR1 and still has much more power. I think this is also a problem that Minis Forum itself noticed on this chip here because they just updated a Git repository where they share some guidance on how to reinstall the operating system or install Proxmox VE for ARM systems. They also have a specific page for optimize idle power where they admit that when the MSR1 was released, the idle power consumption was not adequately optimized. They say they are trying to optimize the power consumption and this documentation contains a link to a Google Drive share where you can download a new firmware and that would bring down the idle power consumption down to 1412.7 W. But this is still more than the AMD Ryzen CPUs are consuming. And I think it is also a little more than their more powerful MSA1 or MSA2 systems. So although I heard so many great things about ARM system being so power efficient when you compare this to another x86 mini PC, honestly this thing really falls behind in terms of power consumption, in terms of power efficiency, in terms of performance in general and of course in compatibility because we're still talking about an ARMbased system. So not every application runs on it. Although the support uh on ARM systems has really become better. But if you're thinking about getting this system here because you want a powerful but power efficient mini PC for your home lab, I generally would not recommend it because in my opinion, there are better x86 mini PCs that have a better compatibility and better power efficiency, better performance, and lower idle power consumption. However, I still think this system is not completely useless. Yeah, there are scenarios where you would definitely want to get one of these because if you're searching for a great ARM development or testing machine, this thing is obviously much more powerful than a Raspberry Pi, but it's not so expensive than these enterprisegrade ARMbased systems that you get from Nvidia or from other companies. So, if you need something more powerful than a Raspberry Pi, but it has to be ARM because you're using this for testing or development stuff, it's still great that we have this device because the fact that we don't have many options for ARMbased systems on the desktop is a chicken and egg problem. Some just needed to start and I really love that we have this thing. Maybe the second version of the Minis Forum R series is going to get better. Maybe these Chinese SOC uh boards are getting more efficient, are getting better with the next evolution. So, I'm definitely following up on this. So, yeah, that's my review on the Minis Forum MSR1. I hope it helped you to find out whether this thing might be something for you or not. So, thank you so much for watching. Again, a big thanks goes out to Minis Forum for sending me this device and to all of my supporters. You guys are really amazing. You are making all of this possible. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== From Docker to Kubernetes with ease! // Helm + Kompose Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZW_ONm4-WdM

Hey guys, it's Christian and in this video I want to talk about how you can easily migrate your services and applications from simple Docker Compost stacks to Kubernetes deployments without rewriting everything from scratch. Now, we all know that Docker and Docker Compose are truly amazing. I mean, I'm using this in nearly 90% of all of my video tutorials because Docker Compose is easy to understand. And if you want to follow along, you just install the Docker engine on your workstation or server, then copy my compost template and it probably works in 99% of all the cases. But as great as Docker is for deploying production ready applications and services, it isn't often the preferred choice because in a production system, you usually want to have an autoscalable platform with advanced features. So as an IT guy or developer, you often have that situation that you're using Docker or Docker Compose for testing stuff locally, but when you want to move that to production, you often have that challenge to turn this into a real productionready Kubernetes deployment. But don't worry, I've recently discovered a tool that is called Compose. So, not with a C, but with a K for Kubernetes that promises to simply convert Docker Compose files into Kubernetes deployments immediately with just one single command. Honestly, that sounds too good to be true. So, in this video, we want to check out how good it really is. And of course in which use cases this tool is really good but in some others you might use a different tool something like a sophisticated package manager for Kubernetes called Helm. But before we dive into these tool I also quickly want to talk about how to actually manage Kubernetes in production because once you've migrated your applications and services to Kubernetes you will quickly realize that managing clusters at scale can become quite complex. And that's exactly where Plural comes in the sponsor of today's video. Plural is an AI native Kubernetes management platform at enterprise scale. So what makes Plural so interesting? Well, first of all, it has a really nice Kubernetes dashboard where you can manage all of your resources with ease. But it's of course just more than a simple dashboard. It has a robust and powerful GitHubs workflow that spawns Kubernetes, Terraform, Anible, and other infrastructure is code tools fully integrated in your Kubernetes cluster all defined as code. and it supports drift detection and changes on git push. You could also set up global services and deploy them across multiple clusters for things like traffic or search manager you usually want to always have on Kubernetes. And another feature that I find particularly exciting is the intelligent upgrade automation which spots risks by automatically detecting API cd and add-on incompatibilities before an upgrade. And honestly guys, this is huge because Kubernetes upgrades can be scary and Plural takes a lot of that risk away. Then there's also a really smart AI based troubleshooting feature that can help you to detect anonymies and misconfigurations across Terraform, Kubernetes API and cluster metadata. And the best part, Plural works with GCP, AWS, Azure, but also any edge clusters like my Hob K3s cluster for example as well. And you can easily get started with a free 30 days trial. After that, it's starting at $450 per month, uh, which I know is quite a lot for smaller environments. However, I've also talked about this to the guys at Plural. They are currently working on a cheaper home or student license that we could in the future use for our home labs as well. So, definitely check out Plural using the link in the description box down below and start with a free 30 days trial. Then just talk to the Plural team. They're really helpful and responsive. Okay guys, so now let's get started with Compose, a simple conversion tool for Docker Compose stacks to container orchestrators such as Kubernetes. But it's also supporting Open Shift by the way. You can really easily install this on your Linux, Mac OS, or Windows workstation. So just run these oneline commands depending on what installation method you prefer. On Mac OS, you usually want to use Homebrew of course. And then you can just run the compose command in your terminal. As you can see here as a parameter you just put in your docker compost stack and type in the command convert. So this converts it into real kubernetes manifests. Actually that's already the whole magic behind it. So there is no real complexity. So that's why I thought let's just run through a simple demo example. So here in this folder I have created a simple docker compos file that deploys a simple enginex web server. So it's a really simple compos file, but just know that you of course can also have multiple services even with databases. And you can also have volumes, you can have port exposures that will automatically generate service objects with all the related port numbers and basically everything you will need. There are a few special things that are probably not working the same way in Kubernetes as they are in Docker Compose. So don't expect it to port any traffic labels and automatically move that into an ingress object or something like this. It's just converting the Docker compos labels into Kubernetes metadata with annotations. But anyways, I think if you're working with Kubernetes already, you know that this of course is not a simple onetoone conversion. But again uh let's just run this in the tabul and see what it comes up with. So here again we have the compose file and then we simply just type in compose. You can put in the compost file as an input if you want, but it's optional. It will automatically detect the compos.l file in the current folder. By the way, there are also some arguments that might be useful. For example, if you want to switch from kubernetes provider to open shift, there is a provider flag. Or if you want to automatically attach a namespace, there's dash n for that. The one thing that I want is I want to put the output manifest into a separate folder because I don't want to have that in the main directory. And I also want to attach this to the namespace engine x1. All right. So let's type an enter. And yeah, as you can see there successfully created five different files here. There's just one small warning here that the restart policy unless stopped in the service web is not supported because this is not existing in Kubernetes. So it will convert it to always. If you're not sure about these conversions, there's also a compatibility matrix. There you can see what are the supported versions for docker compose and what that might be converted into. Any commands will be converted to container arguments. If you're using a compost file for deploying stuff to docker swarm and you want to turn this into kubernetes here for example you can see that the placement argument so that usually defines on which swarm node that stack would be deployed will be translated into affinity and yeah some other stuff you can just go through the table if you're searching for a specific uh attribute but yeah again let's take a look at these files that are created so here in this directory you can see there's a namespace manifest created because I've defined that in the command. There's a deployment that has been generated. As I said, these traffic labels are not automatically translated into ingress objects. They are instead just added as simple annotations. So maybe that might need some post customization from your side. So in this example, uh I would just remove these here and maybe create another ingress route object myself. But at least I don't have to create all the complicated deployment manifest. Yeah, you can see it's creating all the important stuff like the specifications for the containers with the right image, the name, the container port. You can also see that the container port here is 80, but there's also a service object that has been generated to expose this on port 8082. By the way, uh these annotations here are automatically added by the compost tool. You can remove them uh but you can also leave them here. That is mostly just for that you know where these objects were originally coming from. Uh but yeah that depends uh on your preference if you want to remove this or not. And what is also interesting um let's go quickly back to the compost file. So here you can see uh for my engineext server I added two volumes here. The first one is a mount from the default doconfiguration into the containers default config path. if you want to customize any of these uh server configurations or the internal port, the server name, whatever. And here in the data directory, there's a simple index.html file. That is a super simple uh template. So nothing in here. But usually you would put your application or your website code, whatever you want to publish in this data directory. And here this uh compos file has generated two config maps here. First one is for the default.com file. And the second one is for the index.html file. So that contains all the HTML code. Actually, this is probably something that I would want to change because I would want to switch that to use a real volume maybe with a persistent volume claim. But for a simple test, I think this is totally fine. Let's deploy this to my test environment. So I just need to run cubectdl apply and specify the kubernetes directory where all the manifest files are in there and it will automatically just create the kubernetes resources for all from all these files automatically. So let's first of all check if the pot was created. Yes, this is already running. Everything that is in the namespace, the service object is there. The deployment, the replica set. So everything should be up and running. Now, as I can see, this is my local test environment. I'm using Orbstack for that. So that can simply run Kubernetes ports and services, but also containers, virtual machines. It's really great. I've made a separate video about Orbstack. It's really amazing. When you just go to the services here, you see the web service for the engineext deployment. There's also a simple domain or a cluster IP address that we could use. So I can just copy this, put it into a new browser window and that is my simple enginex web application or yeah the web server. That's really simple. You can e very easily convert a compost stack in just a minute or maybe even less into a Kubernetes deployment. creating all these files with the ports, with the config maps, the deployments, the services. So you don't have to mess around with this yourself and super quick and super simple. But you probably already noticed that the solution or the conversion with the config map for a web application that might contain more than a simple index.html file. It's not really the best tool for production ready applications. So therefore, I think compose is great when you have your own custom application, microservices. It's also great for quick migration of existing compos files and stacks or prototyping. So you just want to see how and if that's actually working on Kubernetes or maybe for niche internal tools without any published helm charts. But of course there are a few challenges with compose. It has limited support for advanced compose features. The generated manifests are very basic. You need manual tweaking for production just like we talked about the traffic labels. Volume handling can be tricky as we have seen with the config maps. Also the generated YAML files might not follow Kubernetes best practices without modifications. What do I mean by this? So here for example the deployment uses a simple service object but for a production ready application I probably would use different best practices with using a real reverse proxy maybe with integrating search manager to have trusted TLS certificates and all of that stuff. So that of course compose usually does not do for you. So therefore I think it is better to use Helm charts especially for thirdparty applications because they usually come with production ready configurations. They usually or most of the time should follow the best practices and are maintained by their communities or developers and they often have extensive config options with variables tested by the community have regular updates security patches and complex features built in. So that might include HA backups monitoring like the metrics endpoint and stuff like that. So if you're not familiar with Helm, I've made a tutorial a while ago about this, but this is an advanced package manager for Kubernetes. So that is so as they say, it is the best way to find, share, and use software built for Kubernetes. So yeah, what else would you say about your own application? Yeah, but anyways, it's really great. The new version 4.00 was just released for Helm. So there are a few new features. I don't want to go through these because I think it's not so interesting, mostly for developer stuff. But if you're searching for any Helm charts, for example, an EngineX web server, then you can also find these charts on the artifact hub. So there can search for something. There are a few different charts maintained by different uh developers or communities. I personally like the Bitnami charts the most. When you go to the templates, you can see that this Helm chart already creates all these objects like config maps, deployments, like all these manifests. But they have a sophisticated templating engine. As you can see, there are a lot of ifels statements. So depending on what values you give this tool, it will generate the manifests in a specific way that is tested that is audited and maintained by the developers or the creators of the Helm chart. So that might also include specific objects for reverse proxies like here for example is an ingress object that could picked up by the Android X or traffic reverse proxy. Here is a TLS secret for the certificates. So there is a lot of this stuff that you would have to customize otherwise when you're converting with a compost tool that is automatically handled here already. So if you want to simply deploy an engineext web server on Kubernetes, you can convert your old compos files if you want. But actually it is in my opinion still better to use Helm charts for this. First of all, you have to install the Helm tool of course. So just go to the documentation. There's a simple script that you can just copy and paste in your terminal. There's also a homebrew package manager for Mac OS. There's Chocolati for Windows Scoop Windgat and apt for Debian Ubuntu and a DNF yum package for Fedora. Snap packages. So there are many different ways how to install this thing. Just copy the oneline command in your terminal. Then you can just use the helm command and then just go to the chart that you want to install. So here for example it's also a simple button uh on the bit nami engineext chart um how to add the repository and then you have to run helm repo update to update the latest version for all the chart repositories that you have added to your workstation and then you can just run a simple helm install. So that will install the helm chart and generate all the manifests automatically for you. Now, if you want to customize a few specific things here, um you should also before doing this, take a look at the readme file. Here are some configuration and installation details described such as how you add resource limits and requests, how to enable Prometheus metrics, how to secure traffic using TLS, and also how to deploy your custom web application. This is probably the most important section here because uh with the compos tool as you might remember we just used a simple config map for this. Here this actually supports cloning from a git repository. So you can just enable these values here. Um put in the URL of your git repo where you have your application or website code and then just deploy it from there. You can also add custom server block. So you actually don't need the config map for default.com. This is automatically handled by Helm for EngineX. This is of course much much simpler. Now, uh you might wonder how to set all these variables. Well, you can just add them in the Helm install command using the set command. So, set and then the variable equal the value. But you can also create a simple values file. So that in my opinion makes the most sense because uh then you can just define the values and review them before you actually execute the command. It is a good idea to just go to the default values. So that will give you the structure and uh the hierarchy of all the values and how they are defined. Basically you could just copy everything in here, paste it in and then customize the sections that you want. or you can just get rid of everything and just add the variables that you want to change. Otherwise, it will use the default values defined in here. One thing that I want to customize is the service object here because I want to expose this via a simple load balancer using a different port. So here first of all I need to define the service section service and then type load balancer. So I can So let me just copy this here. And then I want to change the port. One for HTTP, one for HTTPS. So yeah, I need to change these because currently on my um Kubernetes cluster there's a reverse proxy running. That's of course using the same ports here. So I need to change this. Uh let's just use these two ports. I think that's fine. And then I also want to add my website not cloning it from a a simple repository but instead I want to still use a config map. So the same stuff that we have done before. Now um how to create such a config map actually it's described here in this uh yeah uh object. So we could actually we could use this object here. So I think so I think I will just refer to this. So when we go back to the default values, there should be a variable that is called static site from git uh from config map. Yeah. So this is of course empty. So I would set this to the name of the config map object. So this should be uh web cm1. So this config object contains our website. So let's put it in here. And that's basically everything. Now we can deploy this helm chart with the command using these values. You need to add the values file of course. So um just type in helm install. You will have to add the bitnami helm chart and then uh with an f you define the the values file. So uh let me just check helm values is the name helm values and then I want to add this to um maybe the same name space as the other engineext server and yeah let's just hit enter. So this will now start the installation and you can see here that it's already deployed. So the installation was completed. You can list um the installation with an helm list if you are in that name space currently. So then you can see on what namespace you have installed uh what helm chart and what version it is. So let's get everything. Here's the deployment uh web that we have done before and here is that that is managed by the helm chart. There's also the load balancer with the external IP address and the two ports here. The new service object. So everything has been created automatically by the helm charts with one simple command and a few values that we have defined and we could basically add or enable any other feature that we need here as well without having to write the complex manifest files ourselves. All right. So let's check if we can also reach the second deployment. Uh let's first of all return to opstack. So here you can see there's a new service uh created. I can use this here. So let's just open a new window. I think we could use the port 8084. This is using HTTPS. So we have to define HTTPS before that. And yeah, of course, this is not a secure connection because I've not created a trusted TLS certificate. But yeah, as you can see, this is still the website or the web application that I've created using an encrypted HTTPS connection. And that of course is in my opinion a much better and much simpler way to create Kubernetes deployments. So yeah, honestly when I'm thinking about it, I I think Compose is a great tool, but I would only use it in a few rare use cases. I would mostly prefer using production ready Helm charts that have health checks, resource limit, security context, maybe even ingress objects or TLS certificates. And that of course supports easy upgrades with a roll back support only in very few conditions like if you have your own custom applications or there is no Helm chart existing but you have a larger compos that you still want to migrate to Kubernetes manifest and you're not afraid of jumping into these manifests and maybe tweaking a few things later on. So then I think the tool is actually pretty useful. By the way, if you want to learn how to create your own Helm charts, maybe from Kubernetes manifests and turn this into something, I could create another video tutorial. So, please give this video a like and subscribe to the channel if you want to see more content about this. And of course, thank you so much for watching. Thanks to all the people supporting me on Patreon or as a YouTube member. You guys are really amazing. And I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== My awesome Grafana Dashboard for OPNSense! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C93rACzeGJw

Hey guys, it's Christian and today I'm going to present you the new Graphana dashboard that I have created for my OpenSense firewall. After setting up my open sense monitoring stack, I wanted to have a comprehensive dashboard that shows all of the for me important metrics about the firewall system health and performance such as CPU, memory and disk utilization, but also important interface and network statistics such as the gateway up and down status, up table entries, TCP connection states, the received and transmitted bytes for each interface, as well as firewall statistics about past and blocked packets per interface, and some nice graphs that help me visualize, correlate, and compare all these metrics, which is absolutely necessary for troubleshooting issues on your firewall system. Now, some of you might wonder, why the heck did I create this completely by myself? Why didn't I pick one of the Graphana dashboards on their official website? Well, the problem is when you search for Open Sense, you actually don't find many dashboards and they really don't show all of the metrics that are important in one comprehensive dashboard. Also some of them have problems or they didn't work in my setup which is actually a problem that I have with graphana dashboards as a whole not only for open sets monitoring also when I search for container monitoring or server monitoring dashboard there's almost always something that doesn't quite work or that I would love to change to fit better in my environment or to show me better the matrix that I actually care about. So, I thought it's about time that I somehow familiarize myself with how to create these dashboards completely by myself instead of just relying on some of the published community dashboards. Now, honestly, building a custom Graphana dashboard completely from scratch always sounded intimidating to me at first, especially because I wasn't familiar with the Prometheus querial language. But, I've done some researching on it. I've spent a few hours juggling around with the different settings in Graphanas and playing around with PromQL queries, experimenting with what works and what does not work so that you don't have to do it yourself and go through the same trial and error. Of course, in the end, I will share you my OpenSense Graphana dashboard so you can easily import it in your own environment. However, I also thought that I'm going to use the opportunity to make a small tutorial about PromQL and how to build your own Graphana dashboards. Maybe not completely from scratch, but it is also super useful to know some of these basics if you prefer to import community Graphana dashboards, but sometimes you want to tweak a few small things here and there to make it fit better in your environment. And I think this is absolutely valuable. No, if you haven't watched my first video about setting up the OpenSense monitoring stack with Prometheus, Graphana, Alloy, and the OS node exporter, then please check that out first. I will put you the link to the first tutorial in the description box down below because this is really the foundation to scrape all the important metrics from your OpenSense firewall and store them in a Prometheus database. Also, before we jump right into it, I'd like to show you quickly another amazing tool that helps you to manage all of your tech and home lab projects. Because if you're like me and you are trying to balance multiple things at the same time, it's so easy to lose track. And simple tools like spreadsheets or notebooks, they just don't do the job. And that's where monday.com comes in. It's an all-in-one work platform for managing complex projects, collaboration, and automating repetitive work. It is incredibly easy to use. You can very intuitively create any type of to-do lists or add any custom fields, change priorities and so many other things. And what I absolutely love about it is that it has canon boards because in my opinion they provide a great highle overview of all the tasks and their status. You can also easily drag and drop elements and create advanced workflows like linking boards or setting up dependencies, which is perfect for tracking open issues or prioritizing and delegating tasks across technical teams. And what I'm also pretty sure tech people like you will love is that you can write Markdownbased documentation files directly in monday.com to easily share it with your entire team. With the free plan of monday.com, you already get up to two seats with free boards, unlimited docs, and eight column types, which I think is absolutely fine for smaller projects. But of course, once your project grows, you can easily just upgrade to higher plans. Or if you want to use it in larger teams and organizations, this increases the features even more. So you can easily integrate monday.com into any other systems like using it for coordinating emails or sending out files and Slack messages. So to easily get started, you can try out monday.com completely for free by heading over to the link in the description box down below to get your projects organized today. All right guys, so now let's get started with building custom graphana dashboards. Again, this is really tied to my OpenSense monitoring stack. However, I also want to say that everything that we are covering in this video might also help you to build custom graphana dashboards for any other use case of your choice. So if you'd like to build a container monitoring dashboard or server monitoring dashboard, any of the practices here will also help you for doing this. Especially because in the beginning, I'd like to cover a few basics about PromQL, the Prometheus query language. Because the Graphana dashboards are really just a visualization of the raw data that is stored in a data source such as Prometheus. So here I'm collecting and aggregating all the important metrics from any of my systems not just open sense but also my servers my docker containers. You can see all the different metrics that are stored in there with all the raw values and therefore we need clever functions sometimes calculations or filterings to build our queries to see and gather exactly what we need. And then when you edit them, you can also change any of the visualization styles, colors, unit settings, tool tips and whatnot. It is a very complex system. Most of the stuff in here is quite intuitive. So I think we don't need to cover each and everything, but a few basics are in my opinion really important. Let's first of all start with the format. How the exporters provide the matrix for a scraping job either in Prometheus or by using Graphana alloy. So this is small service that we've used in my previous tutorial to scrape two exporters that will provide metrics for my open sense firewall. First of all the built-in OS node exporter. So this is mainly responsible for providing metrics about general system statistics that are mostly freebd standardized because that's what's using open sense under the hood. But I'm also using a small docker container. This is actually a community project called opensense exporter by attenna's mind and this will connect to the open sense API to gather more opensense specific metrics so that all can scrape these two exporters and ingest all the data into Prometheus and these usually start with a hashtag help. So this is a help text to to describe what this metric is about and then it continues in the next line with a hashtag type. Then comes the name of the metric and then the metric type. Note there are four different metric types that you should know. There are counters which are simple numbers that only increase. So they usually start somewhere at zero or at one or any other value and then increase over time and they sometimes reset when the exporter restart. So this is sometimes used to count the system uptime or in this case uh count the total scripes of the node exporter. So this is a number that always increases once you restart the exporter. It will reset to zero and then go on from there. The next metric types are gouges. I hope I pronounced that correctly. If not, you can correct me in the comments. But gouges are also simple numbers, but they can instead of the counters not only increase, they can go up and down. And these are used to, for example, uh expose the free bytes on the system memory. This is also used for disk utilization and stuff like that. There are also two other types, the histograms and the summaries. We're not getting into these because there are a little more complex and uh we actually don't need them for the open science monitoring dashboard. However, I also thought if you want to see a more in-depth tutorial into Prometheus or PromQL, then please leave me some comments and I could make a tutorial about creating histograms or summaries. I needed that once to create a dashboard for an anti virus malware engine to visualize the latency of the scanning times in a heat map. But these are more complicated visualizations. We don't need them right now. But I would say like 80 or 90% of all the metric types are either counters or gouges. And then of course you also have in the curly brackets the label sets. So as you can see here this metric types shows a simple counter of the received bytes in total and of course this counter is completely different for the network interfaces. So here you can see this metric has a device label that defines the network interface relevant for this value. And you can later use these label sets to create more custom filters to actually see a metric only for a specific interface. or you can use aggregation or transformation functions to summarize them or to calculate a rate over a specific time window and so on. But this is basically everything you have to know about the Prometheus format of the matrix. Okay, now let's go back to my Graphana dashboard. I want to show you some examples how exactly I've built these visualizations that might help you to build your own custom dashboards. And some of these queries are kind of simple, some others might be a little more complex. I want to start with something simple that actually makes a little more sense. For example, the temperature here. So when we go to the edit tab here, you have a preview of the visualization. Again, you can change the visualization type on the right side. For example, if you want to use a bar chart instead of the time series view, you can also use that or a statistic. This will give you the current number with some historical graphs or a simple gouge table, a pie chart, heat map. So there are more complex ones. There's also a simple text if you just want to print a simple text somewhere on the dashboard. I think a time series is the best to show a simple temperature. Now this unfortunately has been reseted to a different color type. Again in here you will find many many settings about changing the layout or the styling of uh the graphs. Here you can change the gradient modes. Here in the color theme, you can also change the colors of the graphs here. A green, yellow, red, I think, is the best to show a temperature uh graph. But yeah, you can play around with these settings. I don't want to go through each and everything because it's actually very intuitive. What I think is much more important to show is the queries and transformation tab. So here for example, let's start with the queries tab. Here you can select the data source. In my case, I want to um get all the datas from the Prometheus database and then you can add one or more queries to query specific metrics and visualize them in this panel. Now here for example we are scraping the note CPU temperature Celsius which as the name suggests shows you the CPU temperature and here with the curly brackets we can filter for specific labels. You can see currently I'm filtering for two labels. the instance which is currently set to a reference variable that I will explain in a second and the CPU is set to zero. If I would remove this filtering label, you see the colors changes a little. The reason for this is that it does not visualize one metric. It visualizes all the metrics that are received from that query. So when I for example go into Prometheus and enter this query here, the instance name in this case I want to set to firewall pro one you can see that it reports all the metrics for each of the CPU cores because in theory each CPU core could have a different temperature. Mostly they are completely the same. So I really don't care about uh the actual CPU type. So therefore I'm just filtering for CPU uh zero. I could also choose any other number but yeah then I'm only reporting one value and not multiple ones. And if you want to give that a name in the legend uh here for example this is showing a variable for the CPU. Therefore you see this little zero because that's the zero core. Now here in the legend you can also show something like CPU temper temperature. So then that also changes the label in the tool tip. And now I also should explain how this variable works. So again, anything that starts with a dollar sign is actually a reference to a variable in the graphana dashboard. You can see that in the top bar here that we have a selection or a drop-down for the open sense instance. In my example, I only have one open sense instance, but it could be that I have multiple open sense firewalls. and the Prometheus database would then create multiple uh entries with different instance labels here. And if we would not filter them, the visualization would just show all the entries for all the instances which actually doesn't make sense. But in most cases, you might want to have a dashboard where you want to correlate metrics for multiple entries or you want to select different instances. Therefore, we can use these variables. we go back to the dashboard and go to the settings and then you can enter the description and the folder and stuff like that. There is also a uh tab for variables and here you can see the opensense instance is a variable. Note this is case sensitive. So you reference them with a dollar sign and then use opensense instance in any of your queries and that automatically is set to the value you select here. All right. So one thing I also need to show here this is quite important because this is generating a drop-down field here um is a preview of all the values that will be presented to the user. You can add a variable coming from a custom value. So if you want to hardcode it into the drop-own field or add a simple text box but I think a query is the most useful one. So then you can query for simple label values. You enter the label that it needs to query. So instance theoretically it should also report any of the instance labels that it finds not just only firewall pro one. However I've added a regular expression to only show any results that match this regular expression. So anything that starts with fw dash and then anything after that only these entries will be shown in here. If I would remove this and run the query again, you will see that I could select any of the other servers as well. So any value of the label instance it somehow finds will be reported here. I could also use label filters instead of the regular expression because what I've done in here when we go back to Prometheus, you can see that my firewalls usually are attached to the group firewall by a label. So this is coming from the scraping job. it will scrape the metrics from the open sense firewall and add the group label in here as well. For example, if I have opensense firewalls that start with a different name. Yeah. Then I could better use a label filter filtering the group label and set this to firewall. You can see there are also other values for I don't know used by Kubernetes and stuff like that. But we use this uh filter here. You can see the preview of the values will be firewall pro one. So this way when we go back to the dashboard the drop-down will only show uh labels that match the regular expression or the label filters. So the user can select one of my opensense firewall and that is really useful to um calculate metrics or to show or visualize metrics across different instances correlate them together or to filter them based on a drop-down menu. You can see I'm also using this for interface that have multiple values. I will show you that later how that actually works. Let's for a second stay uh with the temperature. So you can see that value will be replaced by anything that the user selected here in this variable. Again in graphana you can change uh the time range or the refresh uh rates here. Then you can go back like an hour ago or you can uh zoom in, zoom out, go left, go right depending on what the time frame you want to see. So it's really flexible and these metrics automatically adapt to this time window that you select here. But as you can see here, I've also added multiple visualizations. I don't want to go through each and everything by detail but I think CPU utilization is the next that I should explain in detail because this has a more complicated query with some functions and some other filters. Let's first of all start simple. I want to show you uh this metric here the note CPU seconds in total because what this graph should visualize is the CPU utilization. Unfortunately, uh the kernel does not expose a metric or a gouch that will uh give us the CPU utilization in a simple percentage. Yeah, it's not as easy as that. So, this is actually a counter. So, a number that is only increasing, never decreasing. It's a counter that tracks the total accumulated CPU time since the system booted. And this exists for each CPU core. And each CPU core is always in one of four different modes at any microscond. So the kernel tracks the time the CPU spends in each of the different modes. It can be in the user mode. So these are regular applications like engine X, the firewall demon, whatever. Then there's the system mode where the CPU is executing kernel code. The interrupt mode where the CPU is handling hardware inputs and the idle mode. So that counts when the CPU is doing nothing. So it's just waiting for work. There's also something else, the nice mode that I needed to Google. So, this seems to be another user process with positive nice value. Honestly, I don't know what that is. And as you can see, it is always zero. So, it seems that this metric isn't actually relevant for this system. You can see this is for the BSD system. For a Linux operating system, there are other modes existing like IRQ, user system and so on. So you can see these metrics sometimes also are different uh depending on the operating system or yeah how it's actually uh presented or calculated by the system. Now for BSD these modes seem to be relevant and basically anything except the idle mode is processing something. So if you want to calculate the CPU utilization, it is important to know how fast this number is increasing given at that specific time window because then we can calculate the rate. So how much time did the CPU core spend in each of the modes and when it's spending more time in idle mode than in any of the other modes where it's processing, you know that the CPU utilization is much lower. So that's the logic how you calculate the CPU utilization again is a little complex and we need to use some advanced promql uh functions to actually calculate these rates and compare them against each other. So we will uh get the matrix TPU seconds in total for only my firewall instance when it's not in mode idle because only the idle mode this is doing nothing anything else is processing time. So when we get this query here and put that in Prometheus, we get all the values for each mode and each CPU core. So we get a lot of metrics here. And again, we don't need the raw numbers. We want to know how fast these numbers are increasing given at a specific time window. And therefore, we're using the rate function. So the rate function calculates the per second average rate of the increase of time series. And when you're using the rate function, you always have to give it a time window. This is added by these brackets here. And you can see that I'm using a specific function. This is using the rate interval function. This is a variable in graphana that automatically calculates the optimal time window for the rate calculations based on the dashboard's time range and refresh interval. This is actually recommended. You could also specify a hard-coded time window. Uh, for example, 1 minute. If you increase the time window, you get less granular output of this. So the rate is more flattened. If you want to see more spikes, you should use 1 minute. But I think it is always recommended to use the rate interval. So this will give you usually the best result in graphana. Now again, this would produce many different uh curves and that wouldn't help us anything. So I think the best is to summarize these values because interrupt nice system and user are all CPU modes that actually process something. I know it sounds a little confusing but I've tried to explain it the best way I can. Now this function here sum without mode actually just means that we are summarizing all these rates. So we are combining all the CPU modes user system interrupt and nice but we are keeping the CPU cause. So it is a little confusing that it sounds some without mode because at first I thought okay this would summarize anything except mode but it is the opposite around. So it's just removing the mode label. So anything that is in these brackets here will be removed. Let me demonstrate how that looks like when I run it in Prometheus. I I think that it's then a little simpler to understand. So then you can see that it just summarized all the rates from the different modes, but it still differentiates them on for each CPU core. So then you could actually see in the graph view if we uh I can remove this here as well. So then you can see a graph for each CPU core. Honestly, I think this actually doesn't provide much value because uh what I want to know is what is the average utilization of all the CPU cores. You can use the average average function without the CPUs. So then you get the average utilization across all the CPU cores and then we only have one curve that shows us the overall CPU utilization. But yeah, you you need to think it through a few times and maybe play around with different combination of these uh functions then it makes more sense. Um I've also used different visual visualizations once a time series graph and then a simple gouge. This is basically using the same function. It's just a different visualization. Uh one thing is actually very important. Uh I forgot to show you this but when you run this query here, you get a value that is from 0 to one. And how do you get the dashboard to actually show a value zero to 100%. So first of all, it is important to always set the unit. There are two percent uh values. For example, when I choose the wrong value, you can see that it's uh showing wrongly from 0 to 1% CPU utilization. So then you could actually do a multiplication with 100 and then you get back the same value. You just need to change the maximum window so that it goes to 100%. So this depends on the unit settings. I think um it is better to have less multiplication or calculation functions in the query and choose the correct unit so that you get the right value out of it. But yeah, it's it's just my style. So some others might prefer multiplication with 100 whatever. Next, I'm also showing the load average uh which is a graph of three different queries. So again you can not just add one query you can add multiple queries and each query will generate a new curve in this or a new data point in the visualization here for example the note load one is actually a super simple values we don't have to do any complicated calculations so this is what you might know from Unix operating system when you enter top and by the way how you get these different colors here um you can use these options here to um have a legend value uh so here for example load 15M and then if you scroll down below probably need to move my camera around here. So then you can add overrides. So fields with that name you can override with different uh properties for example a color theme. So here you can set this to single color and choose one of these colors that you prefer. So there you can override specific properties uh for these different queries here. And yeah what I also like to show is the memory utilization. Again, this is also much much simpler than the CPU utilization because this is not a simple counter. This is actually a gouch. Yeah, that will show um the memory active bytes here. The arc stat size bytes. So, this will show the um file cache by used by the ZFS arc and the inactive bytes are the yeah inactive memory. So, here you can see these graphs as well. Again, this is nothing really special. I think you just need to find out what specific metrics provide what specific value. Again, sometimes the help text is useful or you can use AI to explain certain metrics for you or build even complex functions. I've used that to build some of the functions and that was quite good. Sometimes you need to play around with it a little, but yeah, this is uh sometimes useful. I've also used the disk utilization uh IO and I ops graphs here again also nothing really special this metrics here device statistics bytes in total which is actually just a number of uh bytes and you see there are two different modes read and write uh differentiated by a label per each device so each hard drive yeah here for example I'm also using uh two queries here the first query will um get us the read operations and the other query will get us the right operations. So therefore we have two curve read and write. Yeah, I'm using the rate functions because I don't want to see how much bytes are in total read or written to the disk. I want to see the bytes per second. Therefore we are using a rate function and we are summarizing these values across all the different drives. It's important to set the units to bytes per second. SI. So that will give you this legend here of uh megabytes or bytes per second depending on how high the graph grows. I would usually not set min and max values in here because depending on how much disk IO you have the curves go higher or lower. Yeah. The same for the IOPS. So this are the input and output operations. This transfer in total is actually pretty similar. So I'm using a same function actually uh this 5 minutes window is not correct. So yeah I also should use this function here the rate interval. So yeah here and there you find some small mistakes. I think there's also unit you can select IOPS or so operations per second as the actual unit. The same is also pretty similar for the received and transmitted bytes per each network interface. This is actually has two um things that are a little special about it because I'm using a positive and a negative query here. The reason for this is that you have a positive query for the received bytes and this year the transmitted bytes I've started with a zero. So this automatically becomes a negative value so that I can visualize both the received and the transmitted bytes in the same graph. and the one is up and the one is down. You have to find out if that's the style you want to uh use. For example, if you remove that zero, you have them both uh above the zero bytes of course. But I think um it is quite interesting to have that above and below. So this way I can much better identify that with my eye what is received and what is transmitted. But yeah, it it depends on if you want that or not. Now the next thing is also pretty important. You can see here I'm using another um filter based on the interface. So I'm not just filtering for the instance that is selected here also for the interface. And this is a variable. If we uh go back into the settings and go into the interface variable that can have multivares. So that allows to be multiple values to be selected or deselected. And it's searching for the label interface but only for this metric here interface receive total bytes for open sense because otherwise I would also see all other interfaces of my other servers in this drop-down menu which would actually not make any sense. So therefore I'm filtering this to only show the labels the interface labels attached to that specific metric that is relevant for open sense. And then uh you will have this drop-own field here where you can select or deselect these values. Here you see the other um graphs are gone. It's only showing us uh received and transmitted for when and if I select any other in here. It's automatically replicating these panels for each of these selected interfaces. Yeah, I could also select all then I have all six graphs but I'm not using these two interfaces DMZ or management at all. So it's not really that important. But here you can really see um that the WAN interface is receiving um incoming traffic. So that means it's it's probably downloading something from inside my network. And I can also see which zone is downloading. In this case, it's not my server network. This would be production. In this case, it's the LAN network. So any device connected to my LAN zone or LAN interface is currently downloading with that rate of 3 megabytes per second uh in that time frame. So yeah uh the way how you duplicate this is also pretty simple. You go to edit and then you have here a simple function that is repeat options. So here you can see repeat by variable. So repeat this panel for each value in the selected variable interface. So then when we select multiple interfaces it's just repeating this. so that you have a visualization for all the selected interfaces. So I usually deselect management and uh DMZ because it's not producing any traffic at all. Okay. Yeah, I know this video is already pretty long and I hope it's not boring but yeah again I will upload this uh JSON document. By the way here uh when you go to export export as JSON um this I will share as a simple attachment on my website. Um, I will put your link down below because I've tried to share it on the Graphana's website, but for some reason it didn't work. I don't know why. So, therefore, I thought I'll just put it on my personal website. And then, um, you can just copy uh import this to your Graphana dashboard. And as long as you got the metrics in the same way scraped in as in my first tutorial, it should immediately work for your setup. Um, except you have I I don't know, except you don't have ZFAS in your OpenSense firewall. So then some of the file system utilization things might not work because they're using ZFS uh functions here and there. Yeah. Again, once you know how to work with these queries, you probably can customize these graphs. I think there's just one more thing that I'd like to show you how to build tables. This is also pretty important here because it's not just using uh query functions that for example will produce one query for the received bytes in total for the transmitted bytes. the input errors. So these are just um two values input and output errors uh added to each other. Luckily I've got zero errors on my interface. So that that's great. But in case I would have some uh they would add up here and the MTU bytes. So I have a table with these values. Now if you don't do any transformation at all, you would have a table that looks like this here. So you see all the entries with all the labels and you can select the different values here. So that just looks like crap. Therefore we need some uh transformations for the tables. First we need a merge series table. This is really important. That's the first transformation that we need. This merges multiple series values will be combined into one row. And then we need an organize fields by name. Organize fields by name. This way you get a drop-own menu with all the different labels and you can hide or show these labels that are important or not. In my opinion, I only want to see these uh value queries here. And I've also added a specific heading so that it makes a little more sense. But this way you can create these tables. Use the data transformation to merge the series and then organize the fields by name. So that will help you to create these. By the way, use the same here in the firewall statistics by name as well. So there I'm just summarizing uh by interface the past packets and the blocked packets. So I'm dividing them to actually get the percentage here. But the other queries are a lot simpler. So here I'm just summarizing by interface the past packets and the blocked packets. And here I'm also doing similar functions to show the firewall uh incoming traffic like past packets and blocked packets. So this way you can easier troubleshoot. For example, here on VLAN 50 there are many many blocked network packets. So there's I don't know what's wrong here. I might have to troubleshoot this. But yeah, this might also be helpful. Again, I've not explained each and everything. Sometimes I just copied things from other uh graphs like the interrupts and cortex switches or the gateway status and the ARP table entries. I've just copied from the graphana dashboard of the opens exporter. I've taken some snippets from other community dashboards and then created my own visualizations or customized the queries a little to match what I needed. Yeah, that's it. I know it was a long video as you can see. I probably could go on and on and we could go through all the things in detail but when you have watched until this point I think you already should have a good understanding of how to build these dashboards and how to use diff different data transformation uh functions or how to query specific metrics with different labels and so on. Again, if you want to have a deep dive into um metrics and graphana dashboards, I would love to create a separate video about creating dashboards for my container monitoring or for my uh server monitoring. I've already started to import some for Docker Swarm, for Docker Kubernetes, but some of these actually don't really work. So, I have to go into all of the details here. And I I just have to build my own dashboard because this looks like something that was not finished by somebody. And yeah, I think I just need to create my own stuff to actually have a good uh monitoring dashboard for my clusters or for my container management. Again, if you want to see more about this topic, please let me know in the comments. Give this video a like because then I know this is important to you and I create more videos. And yeah, if you spot any mistake in my Graphana dashboard, please let me know in Discord so I can correct it and update it on my website. Again, link is in the description. Thank you so much for watching. Thanks to all the supporters of my channel. You guys are really amazing. You make all this possible. So, thank you so much for your support and I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Coolify: The Ultimate Self-Hosted Platform as a Service? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IZF_VOlOJM

Hey guys, it's Christian and in today's video I'm going to show you Koolifi. This is an open- source platform that lets you easily deploy any type of applications, services or databases on your own hardware. It's actually in the same category as something like Heroku or Versal, which are both developer platforms that take your replications plus some settings and turn them into live deployments. Don't worry if you're not familiar with any of these platforms at all. In practice, it simply just means that you bring your application, which often is a NodeJS, Python or Go project. And these of course all need an environment with runtime dependencies, environment variables, sometimes a database. And that is exactly where these platforms like Hioko or Versal became so popular because instead of manually setting up servers or dealing with deployment steps and release workflows, you typically just connect a git repository where you upload the source code of your application and these platforms will handle all the other steps for you. So they will build your application often in a container image and then deploy it in a large scaled cloud infrastructure and they often also take care of domains, HTTPS certificates, versionings, roll backs and stuff like that. Cutify is something like this too, but with a few important differences that make it especially interesting for HomeLab fans or self-hosting nerds like us. First of all is that you keep control of everything. So the applications actually run on your own servers. So you get the convenience of a modern platform as a service or serverless architecture but without handing everything over to a third party cloud vendor. And that isn't just great for privacy and data sovereignty. In most cases, it is also simply much cheaper to run applications on your own servers at home or even on your preferred and super cheap VPS provider instead of having to pay the huge cloud vendor bills. So that's why I thought it might be super interesting to take a look at it together. So let's install Coolify on two of my testing servers. After all, I've also got so many things to say about it. Many good things, but also a few not so good things. So let's just run through the basics together. And at the end of the video, you will have a good understanding about what Cudify actually is and whether you want to give it a try in your home lab as well. Now, before we jump right in, I also want to show you another amazing tool that helps you to manage all of your tech and home lab projects. Because if you're trying to balance multiple projects and tasks like I do, it is really easy to lose track. And simple tools like spreadsheets or notebooks, they just don't do the job. And that is exactly where monday.com jumps in. It's an all-in-one work platform for managing complex projects for easy collaboration and also automating repetitive work. monday.com is incredibly easy to use. Yeah, you can very intuitively create any type of to-do lists, add custom fields or change priorities and so many other things of your tasks and projects. What I personally absolutely love are the canban boards because they provide you a great high-level overview of all the tasks and their status where you can easily drag and drop items and you can even create advanced workflows by linking boards and setting dependencies. This is really perfect for tracking open issuers, prioritizing or delegating tasks across technical teams. And what tech people will also love is that you can easily write markdown based documentation files directly in monday.com and share this with your technical team. With the free plan of monday.com, you already get up to two seats with free boards, unlimited docs, and eight column types, which is great for smaller projects. But of course, if your project grows over time or you want to use it in larger teams and organizations, you can easily upgrade to higher plans as well to increase the features and integrate monday.com into other systems like use it for coordinating emails or sending out files and Slack messages. So to get started, you can try out monday.com completely for free by heading to the link in the description box down below to get your projects organized today. Okay guys, so now let's get started with setting up CIFI. By the way, if you want to get more information about this project, then head over to the official website koolifi.io. So there you can read all about the features, about the capabilities. There's also a nice page that explains the open source philosophy of the development and what that means to the project as a whole. There's of course also a link to the official documentation that we will later use to install this application. And uh by the way, there's one thing that I probably should explain at first because when you're reading this website and you're reading all the good news about the open source philosophy, the self-hosting, running everything on your own hardware, you might be a little confused by seeing this button cloud here next to self-hosted. And you might be wondering how is this then different from something like a Hoko or Versal where you also have a cloud service offering. where the important difference is that although Koolifi has a cloud service version is that this actually just runs the main controlling platform of Koolifi. So the cloud service just costs $5 a month where you can easily connect two of your servers plus $3 per month for each additional server. So that means the main Coolifi platform runs on a managed infrastructure. But for the actual applications to be deployed and running, you always have to bring your own servers. So there's no way in the cloud version of Koolifi to deploy applications in a managed infrastructure. You always have to set up either your own servers or connect any virtual or dedicated servers you might be running on your favorite VPS provider. This might probably be the easiest way to run everything because that of course makes things like the certificate management and stuff like that easier. But if you prefer to run completely everything on your own hardware, not just the application servers, but also the main Coolifi platform, you can also choose to use the self-hosted version, which is by the way what we are doing in this video. So there you have full access to all features. There are no limitations or restrictions, but of course you need your own infrastructure for Koolifi, which means you need one server for the main Koolifi platform. Plus, you need at least one or more servers for the application deployments. Before you begin, you should check if your server meets the requirements. So, you need a server with SSH access. That could be a virtual private server somewhere on a cloud provider. It could be dedicated server virtual machine maybe running on your Proxmox environment. It could be even a Raspberry Pi or basically any other uh Linux-based operating system with SSH. The Linux distribution supported are mentioned here as well. So, anything that is Debian based. So Ubuntu, Debian, that will all work. Also, Reddit based, Zoua, Arch, Linux, Alpine, and even Raspberry Pi OS are supported with AMD 64 or ARM 64 uh CPU architecture. So that is good news. For the main CIFI server, you need at least two CPU cores, 2 gigs of RAM, and 30 GB of storage. So these are the minimum hardware uh requirements. Of course, more is better, but yeah, that's what your server needs at least. And this is only for the main CIFFy platform server where you theoretically could also deploy applications on. But this is not really recommended. Recommended is that you have separate servers which also could be virtual servers, Raspberry Pies or whatever for running the actual production applications. And these usually need a little more resources. That of course very much depends on the resources that the actual applications require. So in this example setup, it's mentioned like 8 gigs of memory, four CPU cores, and 150 GB of storage would be enough for these type of projects. So that is what you typically would want to run on a server like this. And there are also different installation methods. So you could run the quick installation script, which is what we're doing in this video. But if you prefer a more manual installation, if you want to have a little more control or customized setup, you could also just download the actual Docker Compose files. And then you can also customize them a little if you want. But honestly, I think it is better to run the quick installation script. That's also recommended uh by the documentation because this will set up everything for you. So it will prepare the server. You just have to log in as root user configure SSH by following these guides and set up your firewall and then it's installing the Docker engine. It's downloading all the files completely for you. For this demo project, I have prepared these two virtual servers on my Proxmox environment. So here is the Coolifi test server. So this will become the main controlling part with the minimum requirements mentioned in the documentation. And I've also added one virtual machine that is a little more powerful. That will later be the deployment server. Let's first of all start these virtual machines. By the way, these are both Ubuntu Linux servers, but of course, you probably could also use any other operating system mentioned in the documentation. Okay guys, so first of all, I want to connect over SSH to the Coolifi test server. And the next step is actually pretty simple. I will just copy this installation script and run it. Oh no, there's one thing that is super super important for my setup. And this probably will only happen to just a few of you guys. But the main issue I had with Koolifi is that this installation script will create a new Docker network. So for the uh containers that the Koolifi server will need to run and it will use a 10008/8 network for this, which is super dumb because my internal network uses the same IP range. So all of my servers are in the 10.x x 000016 networks and this of course doesn't work if there is an internal Docker network in the same uh subnet than my physical networks. I know that probably not many of you will use a 10.x network in their home labs. Most of you will have 1921 168 blah blah blah and then it probably will never be a problem. However, if you have kind of a similar setup and you might fall in this trap, then you need to customize some of these settings here. So, here in this documentation, it is described what you have to do. You just need to copy this here, modify the Docker address pool base. So, in my case, I'm just going to set this to the default Docker IP pool size 172600 /12. And then the Docker address pool size is yeah you can set up 10 20 depending on if if you need more uh networks for your applications. And then you pass these variables to the installation script. Uh of course I forgot to set this as root user. So I'm going to log in with uh root and then execute this here. All right. So now it's running the CIFI installer. This script will do everything for you. Sit back and relax. It will also tell you funny jokes or not so funny jokes. Honestly, I prefer more professional application installers. I think this is a little silly, but yeah. All right. So, this went through all of the installation steps, checking the Docker configuration, downloading required files from the CDN, setting up environment variables. So, it's doing many things in the background. And then it's installing Cudify. It's currently running the version 400 beta. So, we are getting the latest and greatest at least uh at the time of recording this video. So this might take a few minutes depending uh on my internet connection. Okay, so that has been finished. Now it's starting the containers and yeah, so I think everything should work fine. By the way, if you want to modify the compos project for whatever reason, you find all the files in the / data directory. So here's a new directory with coolify where you find the applications, backups, databases. I think it's in source. So yeah. So here you have the docker compos files that will start the project and an upgrade script if you need that. But yeah, usually you don't have to touch the main CUDIF server or the project at all. So I will just exit and then you can simply access this platform by opening a new browser window and head over to the IP address or the DNS name of your server on the port 8,000. All right, let's continue. Now you have to create your admin account. set up an email address and type in a secure password. And now you can set up your first application server. You can choose a server type to deploy your applications and databases on. So I'm going to choose remote server. And now we of course need to set up SSH authentication. You could use an existing key if you already have a secure SSH key or you could create a new key pair that you have to upload on your deploy server. So I think I'm just going to say generate new key pair. Going to give this a name. Deploy server key. I think that's fine. Created by Koolifi. And this is a private RSA key and the public key that you can use. So the public key um you have to upload to your deployment server. The private key is stored inside the Koolifi application server. Of course, you need both key pairs to set up a secure SSH authentication. Uh, so let's just copy this one here and let's connect to my deploy server. I'm just going to open a secondary tab. Coolify test deploy server home.crave.de. Uh, yes. So I'm also going to log in as root and navigate to the /root directory. So here here you should see the SSH directory cd into this. And usually there is an authorized key file already existing here. If it isn't, then just create this file. Yeah, then it can be empty. That's fine. But in the case of uh an Ubuntu Linux distribution, you will have this in here. So this line here that um prevents the root user uh from logging in over SSH directly. If you try that, you will get this error message here. So that you have to log in with that user here. So just remove the beginning line if it's existing and then in the second line or below your other public SSH keys just paste the coolify generated SSH key and save the changes to the file. And then I'm just going to click save key. And now we need to set up the server configuration. So here you need to give the server a name. Of course, I'm going to set this to coolify test deploy server and the IP address of the server. I don't know. I'm just going to check that out. I think it is 10223. Ah, yeah. Okay. 223. That's fine. Let's uh click on validate connection. So here the Koolifi uh server will automatically install the docker engine if it is not present on the remote server because any application that you deploy uh will usually be created in a docker container. Therefore it obviously requires the docker engine. So let's click on start validation. Oh yeah. So server is not reachable. Permission denied. Public key password. Oh yeah I forgot to do a few other things here. It's not so easy to log in with root user to a remote server. You just need to edit the etc. SSH ssh_config files. So here usually are your SSH server settings where I can change the port, the listening address and stuff like that. It might be recommended if this is a cloud server that you set up something like a firewall so that only the public IP address or the internal IP address of your Koolifi server can actually connect. But yeah, I'm not going to discuss this topic right now. I'm just going to set the permit root login and set this to yes. And now we just need to restart the SSH service by using systemctl restart ssh. And then let's go back to the cooly server. Click on retry validation. And that now should work. So it's so now it's checking a few things if the operating system is supported. uh if the prerequisites are installed and stuff like that and then it starts installing the docker engine, docker compose and once that is done you can start creating your first project and deploy your first resource or just continue go to the dashboard and now you're logged into the main Koolifi platform. Okay guys, so now that we have a running setup, we could theoretically already start deploying applications, building container images and connect our Git repositories and stuff like that. But before we do that, I want to show you around and show you some important configuration settings in the Cudifi platform because Kudify does many many things under the hood and it assumes that you're doing these things in a specific way. If you don't, you might have some conflicts with existing setups. I will show you later how to fix some of these problems I ran into. But at first, I think we should tweak our self-hosted installation of Coolify because um one thing that really uh annoyed me at first was that we are uh still using an unencrypted connection on port 8000 to manage the main Coolifi setup. Of course, if you're using the cloud hosted version of Koolifi and just connect your local servers for application deployments, you will not have this issue because they will manage HTTPS and all of that stuff for you. But if you like to run this completely on your own infrastructure, I think this is not a good setup by default. So therefore, we need to tweak a few settings here. So first of all, go to the main settings. So this is the instantwide setting for Koolifi where you could set up a domain and give this Koolifi platform a name. You also have the instance public IP address if you're running this on a VPS in the cloud. And you can also set some advanced settings like configuring DNS servers for validation and stuff like that. Here uh we need to enter the fully qualified domain name of the instance including HTTPS if we want to secure the dashboard with HTTPS. So let's hit enter https and then just use this name here coolest.home.ccreative. Let's just call it schoolify test and the instance time zone. We're also going to update to Europe Berlin. All right. Okay. So validating DNS failed. Make sure you have added DNS records correctly. Uh okay. So that of course is a problem because um I didn't add this to my um DNS server. But we can easily change this by going in here this DNS validation and [snorts] add a custom DNS server. In my case I'm using my local bind 9 DNS server where this record should be existing. Then you by the way should also change the instance public IP address if this is only routed locally. So I'm going to change this to 10 uh 222. I think that's the IP address of that server here. Click on save and then that should work. All right. So now I think we could open a new connection using HTTPS instead. Let's try this. All right. So the certificate is still not valid. But the reason for this is that it's by using a default HTTP challenge. So we didn't configure DNS challenge yet. But even though this is now throwing a certificate error, it is still using HTTPS correctly. So the data is at least encrypted. The next thing that you should also take a closer look at is the servers configuration. So on the left side you have the dashboard, you have your projects and your S3 storage uh keys, tokens and stuff like that. We will later go through some of these areas but the servers configuration is also pretty important. Here you can configure both the local host so the server where Koolifi is running and the Koolifi's test deploy server. Here you can see that by default Kify is using traffic under the hood. And below here uh this is the configuration file for the traffic reverse proxy of Koolifi which you could customize if you want. You could also switch the proxy from traffic to I think caddy is also supported or you could completely turn it off which might be useful in scenarios where you already have an existing traffic reverse proxy running on your deployment server and you don't want to use uh the Koolifi traffic reverse proxy. can also change other configuration settings of this server uh like configuring the disk usage check uh change the number of concurrent builds change the private key you can also import uh a CA certificate uh if you don't want to use let's encrypt and what is also super cool you can use cloudflare tunnel if you want to make some applications that you're running locally behind your firewall easy accessible on the public internet with trusted TLS certificates so then cloudflare tunnel is a nice addition to this. And there are also some other nice maintenance scripts like docker cleanup. This will automatically remove any of the unused docker images because they usually eat up a lot of space and from time to time you might get some notification your server's root disk is going to be full. So therefore it is recommended to run a regular docker cleanup job. You can manage this completely with coolify and you can also uh set up log drains uh to send service logs to third party tools and also what is super interesting you can manage existing resources here then you have to switch uh from the manage resources to unmanaged so then you would see all the docker services that are running on your existing server but are not managed by kifi only for visibility so you can't do much with that but at least you can um see them and you can of course also open a terminal connection easily to your server, add experimental server patching and terminal access. So there are really many utility features that are not just practical for application deployments and building container images but also for managing infrastructure which I think is in some ways great and in others it might be a bit annoying because if you're using an existing setup like your own reverse proxy then you have to find out ways how to disable that and how to make this work with existing configurations or if you for example like the DNS challenge to get trusted certificates. So yeah, there are pros and cons with uh this setup. I will tell you in the end what my personal opinion is on this. Let's first of all go through actually deploying applications and managing resources. Yeah, one thing that is really important before you start deploying applications is that you set up a wild card domain. This of course require a DNS server with a wild card record that just forwards everything to your deployment server. So where the traffic reverse proxy will pick it up and forward it to the application container. So this way we can use the Koolifi test deploy server with HTTPS. As a wildcard domain. So then all of your applications that you deploy on this server will get a random or a customdefined subdomain or host entry on this domain. and your DNS server should automatically forward this to the correct IP address. So this is the first project that was already created by Koolifi and then we can create resources. A resource can be anything uh like it could be a git based application. So that means you store your source code of the application in a git repository and then coolify will build a new container image from the source code of your application deploy that to one of the deploy servers so that you as a developer you don't have to care about infrastructure management and stuff like that. Can also create databases if your application need a Postgress, MySQL, Reddis or MongoDB database. Yeah, you can just deploy them with easy one-click solution similar like you know it from any cloud vendor. It's super easy. You could also create Docker based application with a Docker file. So then you choose a server and start typing anything in here. You could also create a Docker compos files directly in here. So start typing your compos file that you want to deploy or you can deploy a Docker image. So I think this is really great because it could replace something like Portainer for example. So even if you're not a software developer and you don't create your own applications, you can still uh deploy docker composbased projects and manage them with Koolifi. If you prefer to store your Docker Compost files in a Git repository, it's even easier uh because then you just click on public private repository with GitHub apps or private repository with a deploy key and then you can start adding your Git repository, your branch and your build packs. So here you can see it supports static applications, Nix packs and docker file or docker compos projects. So if you have a docker compos file stored on your git repository uh you can just uh yeah refer to it here and then kudify starts building the application. Now let me demonstrate how that would work. Let's go to my personal projects here. So there I have created a coolify test application. So this contains not a docker compose file but a docker file and the source code of an application. This is a very simple demo app that I've just written with AI. So I vcoded it of course. Yeah. And uh there you can see all the necessary package files like the JavaScript stuff, the source code. This is a simple swelter uh web based application using Node.js. And yeah, that of course requires a few source code files for creating certain UI elements and creating some cool and fancy animations and stuff like that. And here in the docker file you can see that describes building the application from a simple NodeJS Alpine image. So this makes sure that the application dependencies and all the requirements are installed. Yeah, it will run the npm install and create the application from that source code. So again, this is a custom application, but you could also in theory just refer to a Docker compos file that uses a public docker image for example would also work the same way because Koolifi will always try to deploy or build the container application. So yeah, I think this is what we can use. We will use this here. This we will copy and go back to Kify. Now we need to paste it in the repository URL. So this can be an HTTPS or git at address. Uh of course you need to select the branch. So this way you could also simply just deploy separate testing or staging branches on a different application. So if you want to test new features and later deploy them to production super useful but of course uh we only have a main branch in here and we want to select docker files. So here the base directory uh we don't need that because it's by default root. So that will search for a docker file in the root directory. So when the docker file is somewhere else, just define the base directory and that should be fine. All right. So you can see that this application is still exited because we need or we can customize the few other settings here. For example, give this application a name. So I'm just going to pick that here test app. And then you can also change settings like the domain. Again, this refers to what we have configured on the deploy server. Our wildcard domain that will point to the IP address of the server where we're deploying this application and a traffic reverse proxy will pick it up. We could also customize this random generated name to Koolifi test app. I think that is much better. And then we can also customize a few other settings in here. We could automatically push the built image to a container registry. We could also customize the docker options here or we could protect this application with an HTTP basic authentication also nice or run any post or pre-eployment commands. So that is also super useful. So it has really a lot of interesting uh settings in here. But I think for now let's just click on deploy and see what it's doing. So now it's connecting to the GitLab repository. It's cloning the source code and it's preparing the container build with a helper image. All right. So that was already successful. You can see that the application is already running. So if we go to the logs here, you can also um check the application logs server running at localhost port 3000. And here is the latest deployment of the application. All right. So now that the test application is up and running, let's try to open it. When we go to links, you can see that link that should point to the app. Let's uh continue. And yeah, let's ignore the certificate warning for now. That's again dependent on the traffic reverse proxy that doesn't work with the HTTP challenge. Let's ignore it for now. And this is my amazing hello world test application. So this is just a simple click counter where you can reset. So nothing really special. But yeah, it's fine. Um, this demonstrates how you can easily just deploy any type of web- based application on your own hardware infrastructure. Super cool. And of course, this also works with existing Docker compos files where you're not creating any source code, but where you're storing configuration settings or where you want to deploy other type of applications in your home lab as well. So you can use the same uh principle here. What is also super nice if you go to advanced you see an autodeploy uh function here that can automatically deploy new commits based on git web hooks. That means when I'm changing the source code of my application and I push the changes to gitlab then coolify can automatically pick this up and create a new deployment and automatically inject the code changes into the production uh deployment app. So that is really nice and this of course also works really great if you're working with separate branches because then you again can create a staging environment for certain code changes before you merge them into the production main branch and stuff like that. By the way um how that works I haven't really tested this but this you can easily configure uh when going to web hooks. This is a deploy web hook where an authentication is required. So that requires you to enable the API in Koolifi and probably would also work better with trusted TLS certificates. So then you can tell your Git application to execute the new deployment on Koolifi as well. And then your application is automatically getting updated. That also works great with version updators like Renovate for example. So if you're already familiar with Git and GitOps processes, you might embrace the uh features of Koolifi. And you can also add schedule tasks where you run a specific command with a crown job inside the application container. I think this is also super super practical for any database backups. Yeah, for example, if you want to regularly take a database dump to store all your entire database configuration or the database entries to to a SQL file or something like this. Yeah. Uh because then you don't need a sidecar container or any other backup job or something like this. You can easily just run the simple MySQL dump or pg dump command uh inside a schedule task. Also great. And yeah, of course, uh you can configure health checks, you can configure resource limits, resource operations, metrics, you can configure roll backs and you can even easily deploy this from your primary server to a secondary server. So um if you have multiple deployment servers connected to Koolifi, you can easily just distribute your app wherever you need it. So there are many many great things in this Koolifi application and you can really do a lot with that. I think we could just go on and create like a second, a third, a fourth video about this app because it has so many features and this was just a simple demonstration, but I think I showed you enough to easily get started. And if you want to see something more specific in more detail, then please let me know in the comments and I can easily create a second or third video on coolify as well. Yeah, this of course requires further testing from my side which by the way brings me to the last topic I quickly want to talk about before um wrapping up because the question is really CIFI does a lot of great things but would I personally use this for my production setup? Honestly, I have mixed feelings on this because I really like this application. It does a lot of great things. It tries to be this GitHubs docker Swiss Army knife with powerful audio deployment for applications. You can easily build and deploy and ship any type of app on any of your custom hardware. Yeah. And it comes with really practical features for maintenance like creating schedule tasks, uh creating auto deployments, roll backs, and uh docker cleanup tasks and stuff like that. and it could probably be the perfect all-in-one solution that you might be looking for in a home lab. However, if you're working with Cudify, you also have to accept that this literally becomes your one and only management layer. So, when you're deploying any app on your infrastructure, you always have to do it the Koolifi way. And if you're like me, you like to work a lot with infrastructure as code tools like GitLab CI or Terraform and Anible, you likely will already have processes for these features already in place. And sure, you could think about replacing these with coolify, but why should you? It's not declarative. Everything you have to do, you have to do through the UI. Or maybe, yeah, you can use the API. But honestly guys, if you already have GitOps like with GitLabci or Terraform in place, you can literally do all this stuff on your own. So it really depends on the type of person you are. Yeah, if you're looking for an all-in-one solution where you can do everything, but you have to do it the way the application defines or if you like a little more freedom and juggle a little more around with scripts and config files and stuff like that. But you can literally do this all on your own if you would like. So yeah, that's my final decision. I probably will keep using my current workflow by using GitLab CI Terraform instead of using Koolifi. But hey, who knows? I will still continue running this on my testing servers. And whenever you want to see something or you want me to jump into a specific topic, I can do some researching and do another tutorial if you like. So please tell me your opinion and your suggestions in the comments. or maybe there's another platform that is similar to Coolifi and you want to see comparison video, let me know. And thank you so much for watching. Thanks to all the supporters and members of our community. You guys are amazing and make these videos possible. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== OPNSense Monitoring with Prometheus, Alloy and Grafana ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3mvWIPTPjY

Hello everybody, it's Christian and today I'm going to show you how to build a strong and powerful monitoring system for your OpenSense firewall using Prometheus and Graphana. Now, some of you might wonder why the heck do we even need this? Because OpenSense already has a built-in dashboard where you can see some statistics about the systems health and performance. Or there's even a reporting menu where you can check in the different graphs and change the granularity, scroll back and forth, zoom in and zoom out. So the question is why do we actually need a different system? Well, one of the biggest challenges or the use cases where you would want to take a look at these statistics is when there is a problem. So when you need to troubleshoot maybe a system outage or a degraded performance, maybe you have some high latency on some network interfaces or only on specific network protocols and you just want to find out what was causing this issue. So then it's really hard in the default dashboard because even in the detailed health reporting system, you can only see one statistic at a time. And for example, if there was a huge spike in the CPU utilization and you want to find out was that happening at a time where there was a high network traffic, you always have to go back to a different uh panel and you cannot really compare and correlate these metrics at the same time. So therefore, I think it is much better to have a centralized monitoring system where you can select time frames. For example, if there was a high CPU spike and it will automatically correlate this with other statistics where you could find out, oh, this was at a time where there was a high network traffic or maybe it was at a time where a service was failing. Maybe you even have multiple open sense firewalls that you all want to monitor at the same time and you even want to customize all these settings like changing these panels or even go into the details like changing queries and customize these dashboards. Well, this is exactly where Graphana and Prometheus come into play because they provide you a more centralized and more powerful and more customizable monitoring dashboard where you can much better troubleshoot what was going wrong. So, that's exactly the plan for today. Of course, as you can imagine, there are a few different technologies and components involved into making this possible. Here, I've created a highle diagram for you to better understand how these components all work with each other. Some of you might see some familiar names here like Prometheus and Kofana. I hope you all know because otherwise it might be a bit hard to follow this one. I still try to make it easy to follow but of course I'm also preparing a list with other video tutorials about all these other technologies. So check it out if you like. But to quickly explain what you're seeing here. So on the right side we have our monitoring stack with Prometheus. So this is the time series database where we can store all of these metrics that is later easy to search and easy to visualize with a tool like graphana. So this is the web interface where you can build all of these dashboards and panels. It's actually just accessing the database back end on Prometheus. And on the left side we have our opensense firewall where we want to gather some metrics about the CPU, memory, disk utilization or about network interfaces. These are very general system metrics that are usually the same for every Linux operating system. But there are also a few very open sense specific metrics like gateway events, services and so on. And to collect those events and get them into our Prometheus database so we can later visualize them, we need a few components. First of all, we will install the OS node exporter which is effectively just collecting all these metrics here above. I've also found a nice open-source community project there for collecting very open sense specific metrics that are not provided on the Linux kernel. So this will constantly connect to the opens API query the information and also provide them in a Prometheus standardized format and then we will use graphana alloy. This is a small service application that also runs on a collector endpoint and this will constantly scrape the metrics provided in this standardized format from both the operating systems node exporter as well as the API exporter and scrape this every 15 30 seconds and send these metrics all to the Prometheus database where there are ingested and stored over time. So that's roughly the plan for today and the system that I found out to be the most reliable one to scrape all these metrics. But before we jump right into this topic, I want to say a few words about the sponsor of today's video, Twingate. This is my absolute favorite tool for remote access and always my first choice when I need to log into my HomeLab servers over SSH or if I need to access my administrative tools like my Kubernetes clusters or my Git repositories. is a great defense against any form of web-based attacks. Supports DNS filtering, content filtering, and provides privileged access across your entire network, cloud, and application infrastructures. It's what we call ZTNA intake, a zero trust network access platform that establishes secure connections between all of your devices where every single request has to be verified and authorized, otherwise Twate will just block the request. And this technology even works through NAT devices and firewalls without any port forwardings or firewall exceptions required. And the best, it is completely free for up to five users, 10 remote networks, and 20 different resources. So you can just try that out in your own home lab. Of course, I've made several tutorials about Twinate and how to install this. So start making your network more secure and accessible. Of course, I'll drop you a link to Twinate in the description box down below. All right, guys. So now let's get back to open sense monitoring. For this demo tutorial, I want to rebuild this entire stack. So you can just easily follow along except for the open sense firewall because I'm already running an open sense firewall in my home lab and this is actually responsible for my entire network to function. But the other collector components and monitoring stack I will completely rebuild from scratch here. Of course I don't want to start from zero. So therefore I will use my boiler plates project. For anybody who don't know the boiler plates project, I'm maintaining a git repository with a template library or a template collection where I'm storing all of the docker compost files, the scripts and deployment templates that we are covering in this tutorial videos. And I've already created a simple CLI program that you can easily just install on your Linux or Mac system. You can even run this in WSL2 on a Windows machine with this single command here. and then you can just execute boiler plates in your terminal. This will give you access to my entire library for all of the compos, terraform, kubernetes, and other tutorial templates that I'm creating and providing. If you just installed the tool, don't forget to run a repo update. So, this will synchronize and pull down the latest changes on my template library to your local workstation. So, you get access to everything. And then with the boiler plates compose list command for example, you can get a list of all the templates you have access to such as the Prometheus template or the graphana template. There's also a graphana alloy template that you can use to quickly get started so that you don't have to go through the official documentation and search for a Docker compos file if ever the developer provides them. Uh, by the way, I'm running the entire uh, collector and monitoring stack on my local Mac in a containerized environment. But of course, you don't have to run this on a local workstation. I'm also running my production system on a small virtual Ubuntu Linux machine. So there I'm running alloy, the API exporter, and Grafana and Prometheus of course. So we are not touching my production environment for this uh, video. Uh, but yeah, feel free to deploy this anywhere you like. It should always run on any uh Linux machine that has the Docker engine installed. All right, so uh let's prepare my demo setup. I'm going to go into my temporary directory and I think I've created a new directory called opensense monitoring. I'm going to open this in VS Code because I'm going to start as always with a compost.yamel file. So where we can uh store the entire configuration for this monitoring and even the collector stack in one single compost stack. I think that's the easiest way to do this. And um usually the way how you would work with my boiler plates CLI tool, you generate a template like Prometheus, I will use the dry run parameter with show files. So this will not write the files. It will just output them on the terminal in the no interactive mode. So this will print out some details uh about the template with a link to the documentation project and all the variables this boiler plate supports. And then it will print out the file content. So here's the compos.l file for Prometheus and a simple uh configuration uh placeholder. So this you can extend with your own Prometheus configuration. Now uh one thing that we have to customize here and this is quite important because by default Prometheus does not allow sending or pushing metrics to it. By default Prometheus is usually scraping metrics from target uh matrix endpoint. So that means usually you would uh connect from Prometheus to your API exporter and to your OS node exporter on the open sense firewall and not the other way around. But in this setup I have added graphana alloy as a central matrix collector that will scrape these two sources and then send it to Prometheus. Theoretically, you could do it without alloy, but um Alloy provides some nice features for uh changing labels or changing field names, adding certain values or filtering and stuff like that. And because for this open sense monitoring setup, we need to relel a few fields or add a few values to this, I thought it might be easier to just throw alloy in the mix. To make it easier for you, I've added a variable in my boiler plates library for this. This is called metrics enable remote write. So this will allow pushing metrics via the API endpoint to Prometheus. By default it is set to false but you can easily enable this with a d-var and then the variable name and set this to true. So then we will regenerate the boiler plate for Prometheus. Then you can see that there is a new config line added here web enable remote write receiver. So by adding this command flag to your Prometheus container, if if you're modifying your existing Prometheus instance for example, you can allow an external target sending metrics or pushing matrix through Prometheus. But be careful when doing this. Of course, uh this enables anybody to just send something to your database. So make sure that the Prometheus instance when you're enabling this is itself protected somewhere or only running in a protected local network and not accidentally exposing this to the worldwide web. So that's quite important. But here we can just uh copy the generated file content and put this in our compose stack. Usually I think we will just need to generate this config file here. So um this is mounted through config. I will I will add config Prometheus here because I will later add some other config files. So this is what I'm modifying a little uh Prometheus and then say Prometheus.yaml file and in this config file we can just uh copy some of these placeholders here. I think we will just need this minimal configuration file the scrape configs jobs. So here you would define the configuration for Prometheus to scrape the sources, but we will leave this empty because we don't need any jobs here. And the scrape interval 15 seconds. Yeah, I think that's fine. Usually we don't need anything in here. But I think we need some general configs otherwise the container probably won't start. But I don't really know. But uh yeah, we will see. And yeah, so to just go on, I will generate another boiler plate for Graphana. Of course, Graphana doesn't have this variable here. And I think we don't need to modify anything else because um as you can see here in my boiler plates, you can also configure a bunch of other settings like um single sign on with authentic traffic reverse proxy that will add the traffic labels to the containers or a database docker swarm settings and stuff like that. But um yeah, I would just go with the defaults. This provides a minimal configuration for graphana that we can use for our demo environment. And yeah, put that in here. Of course I need to change the volumes a little and as Graphana is super simple. It doesn't have any configuration file. It uses SQLite database. Uh so we will store this in a persistent volume. That's totally fine. So that should be enough for the right side the monitoring stack. So let me just try running this. Uh hopefully I don't run into any errors. But we will uh check with Docker Compose uh PS. And yes, this is up and running. So let me check if I can connect to the graphana dashboard login. Yes, uh we will log in with admin admin. Uh skip the new password generation. And there it is. Our graphana dashboard is already running. And we can also check Prometheus with a port 9090. So this is the database. But it also has a simple web endpoint where you can query any information from the database. So there we can later see if our metrics that graphana alloy will scrape from the sources will actually arrive at the right place here. Currently this is of course empty. So there's nothing in the database. All right. So that's at least the prerequisite. Our monitoring stack is up and running. So the next thing you need to do is you need to install the OS node exporter on open sense. Luckily this is super simple. So I will just show you when I connect to my opensense firewall. The OS node exporter you can simply install with a plugin. So just go to system firmware plugins and then search for OS node exporter. Ah there it is. You can see I've already installed this on my open sense firewall because again I've already used this for my production setup. But usually you just need to search for this. Then you need to install make sure that you have the latest version of the open sense firewall installed. Otherwise, you probably need to upgrade it first. And then once you install this, there should be a new menu under services called Prometheus Exporter. So, this is where you can enable it. By default, you can add the listening address to just 0000. I've not done it this way because um then the matrix of the open science firewall would be exported to all of the interfaces, which is usually not a secure setup. So if you have a separate DMZ or a production setup for your uh home lab, then make sure to only enable the Prometheus exporter there. So no other network interface of the open sense firewall will get access to it. And you can also change the listening port if you want. Uh 9,100 is I guess the default. And then you can enable the checkboxes to expose the different statistics. Of course, if you're not using ZFS, you can disable this. Or if you want to not expose some specific statistics, you can also disable these. But these are all the statistics that the Prometheio uh exporter supports. As you can see, there are some general things like CPU execution statistics, file statistics, load average, memory, network interface and stuff like that. But it's actually not a lot. So we will later need the API exporter to provide some more insight into gateways and other services that are running on the open sense firewall. But that is at least the the bare minimum that you should monitor so to speak, right? Okay. So once you have done that, save this and this will automatically start the Prometheus exporter. You can by the way test if this is running when you just enter curl and then just check the firewall using HTTP on the port 9,100 /rix. Yeah. uh probably need to use the IP address here otherwise it won't expose it of course. So these are all of the metrics in the Prometheus compatible format. It's super simple. Yeah. So you just see the metrics with the values and every time you do a request these values of course change. So therefore you need to scrape the metrics every 10, 15 or 30 seconds and then store them in the time series database. So then over time you see the graphs. But usually this is just at the time of making the request. So now we can return to our setup. Now we need to extend it with the middle part here. You might have seen in my boiler plates an alloy template that we can use. So we can actually use this in a similar way like Prometheus and Grafana. I think there we can just go with the default values. That should be fine as well. And here you can see a simple configuration file that we can later extend and also the compose file. So I will just copy this here. Put it maybe at the end. And yeah, of course I need to add the volume here and remove the services otherwise it doesn't make sense. And that's it. All right. No, that's not it. One thing that I've got to change is the config file here. So actually I think there is a mistake in the boiler plate actually when I see this. Yeah, I I probably have to update it because the config file should have the directory before that. I will later update this so that you don't have this problem. Uh but I need to put this into a different directory anyway so it doesn't uh create a problem with a Prometheus config file. So add config alloy in here. And there it is. Okay. So there we have everything. We have graphana alloy and we have our config file. So now we need to tell graphana alloy to scrape the metrics from the os node exporter. Remember we just made the query here at this address. So this is the address where the metrics are available and in the configuration file we first of all should configure the target. So prometheus remote write. So this is uh to send the metrics to a source. You can give this a name but I usually just keep the name default. Uh if you have different Prometheus instances, you can give them all a name and then you can later in alloy define uh to which instance you want to say send what lock message. But here uh we just need one that is default uh where we define the endpoint with a URL uh / API version one. Right? So this is the address that we need to use. Make sure that this URL of course matches the container name. Um, and you also need to make sure that Prometheus is running in the same Docker network as Grafana alloy. Otherwise, if this is running on different machine, you have to use uh the IP address of your server where your Prometheus instance is running and you also need to expose the port 9090 of course. Now, we need to scrape the matrix from the open sense firewall. So we need to create a new Prometheus scrape job and we will call this open sense uh note because we will later need a different job for the API. All right actually GitHub copilot is now completely confusing me instead of actually helping uh we need to define a more complex object with the address open sense. Uh yeah that's of course just a dump placeholder. So now we need to use this address here, the target. So the IP address slashmetrix. Um actually the Prometheio scrape job just needs the IP address. It knows that it will use the /metric. So not the URL, the address of the server. And now we can uh make some adjustments to the fields or the labels of the LO files. For example, if you want uh to give this an instance name, you can uh name this open sense node or you can say firewall open sense one or open sense 2 or whatever. You can also give this a job name. So this is I I would definitely uh give this a job name because otherwise you cannot in the dashboard later easy differentiate between the different jobs. You can also add this to a group, maybe open sense or even better call this firewall because you might scrape metrics for other firewall vendors as well. And then you can all have them in one label group and you can later better filter or search for something specific. Can also add a host for example. So this will be the host name of your firewall. In my case it is uh firewall pro one for example. Okay. And then after the targets configuration, we need to forward this tool. And here we refer to the name of the targets object. So just say Prometheus remote write and then dot default or whatever you have uh entered here in the quotation marks as a name for this object. And you can also customize the scrape interval here. For example, if 15 seconds is a bit too short, um you can go to 30 seconds or even to 1 minute or so and also give this a scrape time out. So this of course is uh when the firewall is unavailable or if you have latency problems or whatever you can increase the interval and time out. All right, but that should be everything. Uh now we what we can do is we can do darker compose app-d this will um pull down the container image of alloy and start this and then we should directly see that there's something happening or arriving at our Prometheus database. All right. So first of all let me check if okay that's restarting. That's not good. Maybe I've done something wrong here. I'm missing comma. Oh yeah. Okay. after every line and I made another mistake. Of course, I need to refer to the object receiver. All right. So, no um Graphana alloy is up and running. And it should actually already perform scraping the metrics and sending them to Prometheus. So, let us check. Just refresh the Prometheus database and go to these three dots here explore metrics. There you should see metrics appearing. Okay, great. Honestly, I'm not an expert in PromQL. So I don't really know how to query these metrics here in a meaningful way. But as long as you see something in here, you know that these metrics are actually arriving at the right place. So we have basically done this here, we have done this, this and this here. The only thing missing is the API exporter here because again these statistics are great as a starting point but it's not providing any information about the specific services on the firewall about the gateways. Yeah. And maybe you want to monitor the gateway status to get notified about when your gateway went offline. For example, uh when you have a traffic outage somewhere at midnight or so and you want to know at that time was the gateway online or offline or maybe there was a high latency between the gateway and the firewall. But luckily I found a super cool community project. Of course I will put it in the description box down below. This is from antenna mind the open sense exporter. This constantly connects to the open science API, gathers important metrics and provides them in a Prometheus standardized format. And so here is also described how that works. I think the developers even maintain a graphana dashboard to visualize these specific metrics here. So here for example, you can see the gateway RT and the gateway health status. So there you can exactly monitor all the different gateways but it's also providing some other statistics like an ARP table which might be sometimes useful firewall statistics, traffic, DHCP leases, uh IPsack, OpenVPN and stuff like that. So it is really super useful and provides some additional metrics that are open set specific but you often have to query and correlate against other outages and stuff like that. So this is a super super helpful and great community project. Uh to use the open sense exporter you need to enable in the unbound collector the extended statistics. So this is something that you need to do. Let's go back to my firewall u unbound DNS advanced and there it should be ah there it is. Yeah extended statistics. So this you need to enable otherwise it won't work. And then the usage is pretty simple. You just deploy this as a simple docker connector. Make sure that you set your API key and your API secret and your instance name and then expose these metrics on port 8080. And this you can later again scrape with alloy and send to Prometheio. So that's how we can do this. Um all right. So I'm going to use this example here for docker compose of course uh because we already have a compos running here. So it's not difficult to add this one here as well. For the API key and secret, I would strongly recommend you to use environment variables. So better do it like this here. API key API secret and then create av file where you set these values. All right. So once you have that, you of course uh should also customize your instance name. For example, the label can be open sense main or open sense firewall, whatever. And the address, of course, is the IP address of your firewall. If you're using an insecure uh TLS certificate, you can also add this here, open sense insecure. So then you're skipping the certificate validation. That's also sometimes useful. And you can disable specific fields like the ARP table, the chron table if you don't need that. But usually we want to expose all metrics and later in the dashboard we can filter what's important to us and what not. So that's what I would always do. Okay. So the uh restart policy uh I'm not a friend of always. So I'm setting this to un stopped and yep. No, we just need to create the API key and secret. And the way how that works is also pretty simple. You just go back to your firewall and go to system access users. I would create a new user for this Prometheus exporter for example. Then you can easily create an API key and secret for this user. When you go to this field here, create and download API key for this user. So here are the credentials. Of course, I'm going to put this into the environment variable file in here. And yeah, then we also need to give this user permissions. So you can just click on edit and then go to privileges. I personally have just added all pages, but you could specifically enable certain diagnostic settings. Then you of course have to know which ones there are. I think in the documentation there is a hint which fields you have to enable. Uh yeah, there's user permissions. So these are all of the settings that you need to enable. But yeah, because I'm lazy, I just enabled access to everything. That should also work. And then there's one more thing for the gateway monitoring. I just found that out later because it isn't described in this documentation. But if you want to monitor gateways, you need to go to system gateways configuration. And for example, I'm using a DHCP gateway where the monitoring by default was disabled. So I was wondering why I didn't get any metrics in the dashboard. So I removed this checkbox and added the monitoring IP of the upstream uh router. So the internal IP address of the Fritzbox or whatever you're using then. But you need to make sure that you're not adding a fail over or fail back state. So that is needed usually when the gateway is offline that the internet connection is then initiated through a different gateway. But if you just want to see if your gateway is online or not, you still have to uncheck the disabled gateway monitoring adding the IP and just don't check any other failover stuff and so on. And you can see on your dashboard if your gateway is currently online. The only thing that is still missing is the scraping job. So what we need to do is uh and I'm going to be lazy of course I'm just going to copy paste this here say exorter and change the port to AT80 and this of course uh is not scraped from the firewall directly it's scraped from the container so we can use the container name for gray graphana alloy configuration and I also want to change a few things here for example the instance oh yeah we we can actually uh use the same names but the job should be open sense exporter or API exporter or something like this. Yeah. So now we just need to restart the alloy container. Let's check the locks if everything works fine. And now let's go back to Prometheus and let's go to explore metric. So I don't know if you remember from what we've scraped before but you should see more metrics appearing here as before. So it's just putting them all in a huge database and we can later filter based on the different labels, the different field names and stuff like that. So I think the new metrics should be in there and now we have basically done everything. So, so we are scraping all the metrics from the open sense firewall uh and ingesting and storing this in Prometheus. Now, we just need to visualize them. That's why we have Graphfana. First of all, you need to add the data source. I hope you remember this from my Graphana tutorials. If not, you can check out the Graphana tutorial. So, Prometheus uh let's add the new data source. Of course, this is called Prometheus 1990. So now that we have this as a data source, we can go into the drill down. If we go to metrics, you can see these are all of the metrics from the Prometheus database. But of course, this doesn't provide a good overview. Yeah. And Graphana is so flexible that you can uh select or query specific metrics and correlate them or or visualize them in reusable dashboards. And as you might have remembered in the attainer mind open sense exporter there is a graphana dashboard or a link to a graphana dashboard that we can use. So if you follow this link it will go to the graphana's homepage where you get the boiler plate or the template of this dashboard. The way you can import this super simply in your Graphana dashboard is you just and either download the JSON so then you can get into all of the details of the objects or you just copy the dashboard ID and in your graphana's web interface click on new import and then enter the ID of the dashboard and then you just need to select your Prometheus data source import and that's it. Now you have the dashboard already in there with the gateway status with the gateway RT with the service status history and you also have the interface uh received bytes by interface transmitted bytes. You have the uh MTU values for all the interfaces and you also have the ARP table with the MAC addresses of the devices which might be sometimes pretty useful for troubleshooting. But uh just like uh I said this is very specific to the uh open sense exporter or the code or the metrics that the open sense exporter scrapes. If you want to see the general metrics like CPU disk memory utilization and stuff, you would have to build your own dashboard or search in the graphana market place if there is a dashboard. I found one. This is actually not the best dashboard to be honest. Yeah, there are a few things here and they are wrong and don't look so great, but um you can use this as a starting uh template and then build your own dashboard if you like. This dashboard for example shows you the uptime, the CPU idle, the available memory, the free swap, the temperature processes, interrupts, and some other interface statistics. Yeah, here for example, uh don't be surprised if you see no data. A desk dashboard has for whatever reason WAN interface one and two and a LAN interface one and two and you just need to enter the RE1 or RE 0 uh for realtech or ETH0 whatever you have and then it's showing the statistics. However, yeah, I don't have a second WAN interface and I have more than two LAN interfaces. So therefore, this dashboard isn't really uh the best one in my opinion. But I'm currently preparing my own Graphana dashboard. It's not complete, but I can show you what I'm building because my goal is to create a dashboard that shows not just the CPU, memory and load uh stuff, but also file system utilization, VLAN uh traffic and then past and blocked uh packets that are shown here or TCP protocol statistics because the funny thing is the data is all visible here in the metrics just the dashboards are not visualizing every aspect of it. But yeah, you need to be a little more patient. I'm currently developing this template. Once I'm done with my dashboard, I will of course share this on the Graphana's marketplace and I will make another video probably about how to create your own dashboard and how to customize and query things using PromQL. But if you already follow this tutorial, you at least have a starting point. You already have your metrics already ingested. You just need to experiment with the dashboards and change uh it later or import another one. you have the foundation to do all of this stuff with your OpenSense firewall. So, I hope you like this tutorial and it was helpful. Please let me know in the comments what would you like to see and if you would like to collaborate on creating another dashboard, maybe that would be nice or if you have other suggestions for my boiler plates library. Here, for example, is an issue with a wish list for coming versions. So, just add a comment in here. Um, put in your favorite application in here and if you want to collaborate on this project, feel free to do this as well. That would be really nice. But yeah, I think we are already over time. That's it for today. Thank you so much for watching if you've made it to the end. Thanks so much to all the members and supporters of my channel. You guys are just amazing. And I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Self-hosted Cloudflare + VPN replacement! Pangolin Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8f-YPiUBZM

Hey everybody, this is Christian. Happy New Year to everybody. So, we are back in 2026 with a brand new tutorial. Today's one is about Pangolin, the open-source identity- based remote access platform that is built on the sophisticated VPN protocol WireGuard, and that enables you to securely and seamlessly connect to private and public resources. Honestly guys, once I heard some people in our community telling me about Pangoline, my first thoughts were, "Oh man, do we really need another one of these solutions?" Some of you might know my favorite remote access platform is Twate. I'm using this for such a long time. But we've already covered some other open source alternatives like Network for example. So then we had Tail Scale Zero Tier, not to forget Cloudfare Tunnels. So yeah, there are already so many solutions like this out there. Why the heck do we need another one in the Hoblap space? But hear me out. Once I took a look at Penguin, I found out that it does a few things a little different than these other platforms because it tries to unite three unique use cases. Yeah, it's a combination of a reverse proxy which is using traffic under the hood. So with this, you can securely give access to internal resources using trusted TLS certificates and HTTPS. Plus, it has VPN capabilities. So you can run the main reverse proxy part on a public server and then route the external clients connections to local resources running in your home network. Plus it has ZGNA capabilities. So that gives you granular access permissions and controls and that is really super cool. So the plan for today is I want to give you a quick architecture overview to explain how actually works this magic under the hood. Then we will install Pangolin on a small VPS server in the cloud and connect a site running in my local home lab. Now, why do I want to host this on a VPS and not entirely in my home network? Well, this is one of these projects where running all of the components at home can get a little annoying. By the way, we will later take a look at the architecture overview to get in the details, but just real quick, if you want to run the main controlling part of Pangolin, so this is where all of the clients, public and private authenticated clients need to connect to. If you want to run this at home, you need to have a super stable public connectivity, ideally with a static IP address because you need to have a DNS record for it. And you also need to open a few TCP and UDP ports because otherwise the clients can't connect. And this is why I'd recommend instead of running this critical service at home, install the main controlling part of Panggalin on a small VPS in the cloud. So then the platform is always up and running and then you can still install the small Pangolin connector on your local network. So then you don't need any port forwardings or firewall exceptions. So this makes this setup a lot easier, which uh by the way brings me to the sponsor of today's video, Hostinger. Because Hostinger makes it super easy to run and set up Panggalin. You can just spin up a new Linux VPS in a couple of minutes. Pick any data center close to you and then install whatever you want on it. Yeah, you can install any Linux distro. You can install the Docker host, Panggalin traffic and any other service you like. And what I personally love so much about Hostinger, their VPS are just super fast. Yeah, they use NVME storage and modern AMD epic CPUs. And they also include super helpful features like snapshots and backups, which is just perfect if you're just testing a few things and you want quick roll backs. And what is also super cool, Hostinger just added a brand new Docker management feature, which is, I think, really practical. If you're running a couple of containers on your VPS, but you don't always want to mess around with SSH into your server for every little thing, just access your hosting VPS control plane, select the Docker manager to quickly see what's running, and then just start and stop containers, and you can even deploy new containers or change things in your configuration. I think for homelap style projects like this where you still need a VPS for any remote access tool like Pengolin, it just saves you a ton of time and makes things a lot easier while you still have the full control over the operating system and how you want things to be installed. So, if you want to build this setup alongside me, then just go to hostinger.com/lamper and use my code for an additional discount on yearly plans. Of course, you will find the link and the code in the description box down below. All right. So now let's get started with Panggolin. First of all, uh I know this was already quite a long introduction, but I still think it is important to explain how exactly that works and talk a little about the official documentation. So by the way, this is really a great documentation where you get a lot of information about all the details about the different terminologies like sites, resources, clients, what the heck is that and how does it work. I don't want to run through every little detail, but I think this is actually pretty important. Just like I told you the penguin server, this is the main central coordinating component for your network. This is the main place where all of the external clients are connecting to. So that needs to be always up and running. This needs to have trusted TLS certificates and also a DNS record by the way which is later done all by the installation script. And then you can still install the sites which are using the N connector. So this is a little software that handles all the tunnel creation, the nut traversal and routing across firewalls so that you effectively don't have to touch any firewall rules or you don't have to create exceptions because it's initiating the connection from inside the remote network where you install the site connector to your public pengolin platform. It's also interesting to take a closer look at the system architecture. This is pengoline that's the main controlling part. It's running the web dashboard, the API and the management system, the brain of uh everything to control it. And then you have traffic, the reverse proxy that handles HTTP, HTTPS routing, SSL termination, the let's encrypt certificates and stuff like that. And then it's using a traffic middleware called better. So this is a plug-in that intercepts every connection coming from the users or clients and that makes sure that the connections are authenticated to pangulin before allowing access to the application. Then it's also using durable. So this is managing the wire guard tunnels between your remote sites and the panggalin server which is optional for some things but it is certainly recommended when the pangolin server is running on a cloud virtual private server and the edge server. So the site your local home lab is somewhere different. So there you client this will initiate a connection first to the traffic reverse proxy and the pangolid server to authenticate. It's using gerbble to create this wire guard tunnel and then when somebody access the resource to your cloud VPS it's then routing the connection through the tunnel to the internal resources securely and then you can of course connect to any servers like port 4 for free port 80 SSH. All right. Um so to install this thing there is a quick install guide that you can use. Uh we will also use this guide because I think it's it's a lot easier to run the installation script. I tried to walk my way through the Docker Compose files and try to customize it a little and then I found out well maybe it's a little easier to just use the preconfigured or the predefined installation scripts. Now there are a few prerequisites that you definitely need uh to have. You need a Linux server with root access and a public IP address. Then you also need to have a domain name that points to your server's IP address. If you're using Hostinger, by the way, you get a cloud domain completely for free for the first year. Of course, Hostinger also offers you to buy domains for a longer period or different top level domains if you like. Then you need an email address for the let's encrypt uh SSL certificates and for the admin login as well. And you need to open ports on the firewall. We're later doing this on the hosting VPS uh because there it's super easy to configure the internal firewall. Just make sure that you have open port 804 for free and these are the UDP ports that are needed for the wire guard tunnel. So the data transmission. All right. So let's just do this together. So I will copy this command and open a new SSH connection to my Hostinger's VPS cloud server. First of all, let's just paste the command. So this will download the latest installer version and then we will run it. By the way, you can get a free enterprise version of Pangolin completely for free for personal usage or if you're running a business making less than 10K US annually, which unfortunately my business is. But hey, one of the benefits is that I get a free enterprise version of Pengalin. So I can say yes. And now we need to enter the base subdomain. In my case I'm using clcreative.de. And then we also need to enter the domain of the pengolins dashboard. So that by default will use the pengolin subdomain dot your base domain that you have entered. You need to make sure that the subdomain of your Pangulin dashboard as well as all other subdomains that you want to use for publishing resources are forwarded to the public IP address of the server where Pangolin is running. For example, I'm using Cloudflare as my main DNS provider. I've created a new DNSA record for Pangolin on the ECL crave. That points to the public IP address of the Pangolin's VPS server as well as some other test entries that we will use later. For example, engineext test one. if we later want to publish a simple engineext web server. All right. So, uh then we just hit enter for the defaults and we also would now need to enter the email for the less encrypt certificates. In my example, I just want to use info@ sealcrave.de. And then you can also decide if you want to use gerbal for allowed tunnneled connections. I would say yes. Um you don't always have to use it, but if you say yes here, it will be easier to enable it later. And of course, if you want to have email functionality with SMTP, you should say yes. I think that is needed for registering or any notification emails and stuff like that on production systems. I would certainly recommend you to do this. And of course, if your server is IPv6 capable, I think hostingers VPS should be. So, we will just go with the default. Also, if you want a uh simple database for go blocking functionality, that is also the default. Yes. Uh that will download and install this. are not really complicated. And uh now you need to finally confirm once more if you want to install start the containers. Then you can also decide if you want to run pangolin as docker or portman containers. Docker is the default. If you're a portman fan for whatever reason uh then you can choose portman if you like. And then finally you can also decide if you want to install crowdseack. I know we haven't covered crowdseack yet on this channel. It's certainly planned for somewhere this year. But yeah, this year just started, so I don't know when I have time for it, but don't worry, I will cover it at some point in the future. But if you're not familiar with crowdsack and you don't need to mess around with that yet, so just say no, I think that's fine. And now your Pangolin uh setup is complete. So we will just need to navigate to this address. If you are then successfully redirected to the Pangolins dashboard, you know that the DNS resolution is working and everything should be fine. You can also see here that it's uh having a trusted TLS certificate. Note this is not coming from uh Cloudflare because I've not proxied the connection. It's coming from let's encrypt. So that means that the HTTP challenge already completed successfully and Penguin issued a trusted TLS certificate for that domain here. All right. So now we just need to paste the setup token. Put in your email address and a secure password and that takes us to the organization setup. So create a new organization. It can be default. Yeah, if you're just using home lab, just enter home lab. That should also be fine. So now we can directly create a site. But I think I will uh show you around a little before doing this. As you can see here, there are a few new options. If you're familiar with older versions of Pengolin instead of just uh having public resources, you can also now add private resources which are still in beta at the time of recording. The main difference between these two things is that the public resources don't need a client software and the private ones need here you can manage the clients. All right. So uh the domains you can also add here as you can see by default it should have your base domain already in there. So that in my case this is clc but I could easily just add another domain if I want. This is always a wildcard domain because the public uh facing or private services get a subdomain on this. You can also add a different certificate resolver here. Um I think this is only using HTTP challenges. So that is certainly something that could be improved by adding DNS support. But as the Pengalin main control part should be accessible from the public internet anyways, I think it is fine with using HTTP challenges for this use case. And here you can also create and manage new users. So if you invite somebody from your organization, for example, that invite link is available for a short time for example 3 days. Set this as a member role. create the user and then it's generating an invitation token that you can copy paste to finally create the user. And in the dashboard you can also see logs and analytics about uh request logs, access locks. So you can very specifically see when somebody accessed what type of resource. All right, so now let's get back to the main dashboard. The very first thing that we need to do to connect to our home lab is to create a site for this. So just go to sites, click on add site and then you can decide what type uh you want. Usually it is always recommended to use the nude site because this has all of the features. So I will just call this home lab. I think that should be super simple. The credentials for the connector are here. So make sure to not share this w with anybody. And then you can decide how you want to install nude. So you can just run this on a simple Linux machine. You can uh run this in a docker container using docker compose or simple docker run command. Um you can deploy this site as a kubernetes helm chart. So this will manage the deployment. Can run this as potman. You can even uh run this on windows or nx or s machines. So it has a lot of different options. I would recommend running one on the docker server, one on the kubernetes or maybe even on Linux depending on how your local network is structured and how you protected this within the actual network. And if the machine where the nude connector is running has access to all of the services it needs to. That is the important part. We will just use a simple docker run command. I think that's easier. But you can choose one or another. Yeah, that's totally fine. Let's click on create site. Uh and this of course still has status offline because I haven't deployed that yet. Can also give this another identifier. Yeah, something like homelab server one or whatever. So now we can get to one of my testing servers. Server test one. I think I'm running a few Docker containers here. I don't know if I'm running pangolin here. Probably not. Yeah. Okay. All right. So, we can just execute this uh command and check. I probably should have searched for N actually, not Panggoline. That makes more sense. Yeah. So, here tunnel connection to server established successfully. So, if this does not work, then you probably have some form of DNS uh resolving issue or some traffic problem. So note this uh should not be a firewall problem on your local network because this usually initiates the connection from inside your local network to the public pengolin server. So if it cannot establish the connection, there's something wrong with the incoming connection to the VPS where Pangalin is running. I ran into this problem because I didn't pay attention to the prerequisite guide in the installation tutorial. But yeah, so here in the hosting or VPS platform. Uh by the way, when you go to overview, so here you can get the details of your virtual uh private server and go to security firewall. Here you can add the firewall rules uh to this machine. When you click on edit, you need to make sure that you're adding these UDP ports here, the ones from the quick installation guide because otherwise the N connector cannot successfully establish the secure connection to the Pangoline server. But once you added these it should work and you should see this tunnel connection uh to server established successfully. And if we go back to the panggalin platform and refresh uh the site you should see this status is online. So that means the connection is established and we can now start creating our public or private resources. Okay. So first of all I want to start creating a new public resource. So for example, if we have on the server test one my engineext server up and running and I want anybody to access this go to public resources web-based public resource and click on add resource. So here we can say an HTTP resource. So that means the traffic reverse proxy of the penguins platform is proxying the requests over HTTPS or you can see proxy requests over raw TCP UDP using a simple port number. So that depends on the nature of the service. Again, an Angelix web server is of course using HTTP. So, we can use HTTPS. But if you're using an RDP server or an SSH server or something different, you need to use the raw TCP UDP resource. Of course, we will use the subdomain engineext one seal. So, no, this is no important that you also added this DNS record here to your DNS provider and forward this subdomain to the U IP address of the Pengaline server. Then we of course need to add the target configuration where the nude connector will forward the connection request to and uh we can now use the internal address of the engineext web server. So this will be just engineext test one on the port 80 and then create the resource. And if we then open a new browser window on this URL, you should see that's our EngineX web server and it's now completely accessible using a trusted TLS certificates that's managed by the internal traffic reverse proxy of the Pangolin setup. That's super cool, very practical and really really simple. Now, if we want to protect this, of course, we can just go back to our platform and enable the platform single sign on. Uh we can enable member roles so any member can access it. It doesn't need to be an admin user and maybe we add a pin code protection six times zero which is super secure of course. Yeah, we probably need to open a new browser window. And now you can see it's redirected us to the Pangolins platform and we can now log in with our user credentials or we can use the pin code that we've activated. So that is I think super cool to quickly give somebody access to some internal resources like if you want to share your website to just one person but you don't want this person to be created in your penguin platform just create a simple pin code share this yeah you can later deactivate this or change it you can still protect this securely with a login with onetime password or these other methods here now if you require somebody to actually install the pengolin client and securely authenticate with your platform you can add private resource. So these really provide zero trust private access granular access control and where we can specifically decides what users can do and what not. This uh maybe server test one the SSH access to my server the destination will be server test one.home.ccrave.de or the internal address of the server is also fine. And then you can specifically decide what TCP or UDP ports should be allowed, what should be blocked and so on. Here for example custom, you can allow SSH, you can allow HTTP 44 for free for HTTPS. Maybe something different. Uh all UDP ports should be allowed. That's fine. And ping requests are also fine. And in the access policy, you can then select the users here. You cannot use simple onetime passwords or something because the users that need to access resource need to have installed the pangoling client and securely locked in with a user account ideally with a member or maybe an admin user. I don't know other role admin doesn't exist. Yeah, but anyways can just select a member for example. And then of course you need to go to users. Yeah, here you can download the pengolin client. So when you're doing this on a laptop for example like on my MacBook you just need to go through the installation process authenticate with your pengalin user account and then you can see the user devices in that pengalin dashboard. It's really simple. And of course, if you have any automated servers or systems like CI/CD pipelines or maybe any other servers like for example, you're running a VPS server on a cloud infrastructure that needs to still have access to internal resources of your home lab. You can install the penguins CLI or use a simple container to create such a client. I've not heavily tested this to be honest, but I think it should also be super straightforward as any other uh process in this platform was. So, I can really say this is an amazing platform. I really love this. It's super straightforward. It's well documented. It's open source. So, there aren't any strong arguments against trying out Pangolin to be honest. And yeah, other remote access platforms and ZTNA platforms need to keep up to this. Honestly, Pangolin makes it super straightforward. It's very intuitive. It's uh really simple to connect any new remote networks using the sites or give somebody access quickly on a public resource using a pin or onetime password or to securely give access to your team to private resources and you still have all the request analytics. You can see from where the requests are actually coming from. You can see the request logs and all of that stuff. So ah here you can see there are uh probably some bots already trying to connect to my secured server. They already catched my new website and trying to connect to it. Yeah, but there's no valid authentication because I protected it. So you can all see this. This probably should be a good idea to enable geob blocking. Again, there are a few areas here and there. I personally didn't take a closer look at like two factor authentication and stuff like that. You can enable this with an enterprise license. Again, this is free for personal use. So, um you can just enable it and this really can replace Cloudflare tunnels. It can replace your VPNs, your remote access platforms. I think it's a great all-in-one centralized platform that is open source and can be self-hosted. So, yeah, again, you hear I have many good things to say about Pangolin, but now it's your turn. So, please let me know what do you think about it. Will you use this? Will it replace any servers that you're currently using in your home lab? Please let me know. And if you're up for more content like this, then please don't forget to give this one like and subscribe to my channel. That would be so kind of you. And thank you so much for any supporters of my YouTube channel or Patreon members. You guys are really amazing and make these free tutorials for anybody possible. So again, thanks for watching and I'm going to catch you in the next video. Have a nice day. Bye.

=== Block stupid Ads and manage DNS // AdguardHome Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr4WMJx3bfQ

Hey guys, it's Christian and today I'm going to show you Adgard Home, the powerful alternative to Pi Hole that many of you have been asking me about in the comments of my last Pi Hole tutorial. And honestly, after testing both solutions in my home lab, I've got to say Egart Home has probably the more impressive features that might make you reconsider your DNS blocking setup. No, don't get me wrong, Pi Hole is still fantastic. It is an awesome networkwide ad blocker that works on all of your devices, all of your computers, your phones, your tablets, even smart TVs without installing any application on them. And it effectively blocks ads and trackers right at the DNS level, which means they never reach your devices in the first place. But here's the thing, Adgot does all of that, and it even takes it a step further. For example, it has built-in DNS over HTTPS and DNS over TLS support right out of the box, which encrypts all of your DNS queries so that your ISP can't snoop on your browsing activity. But before we dive into all of the technical details, I need to clear up something right important because I know it confuses a lot of people and it certainly also confused me in the beginning. Adgard Home is not the same as Adguard. Edgard without the home is a commercial browser extension. But Adgot Home that we are talking about today is a completely free and open- source application just like Pi Hold. So there is no premium version, no paid features, no subscription. Everything I'm showing you is 100% free and [music] the source code is also available on GitHub for anyone to inspect. So in this video, I'm going to show you how to deploy this thing on a Docker host. I'm going to show you how to set up all the magic DNS over HTTPS encryption both to upstream servers and also in your local network. So, I hope you're ready for it. But before we start, let me also quickly talk about my absolute favorite tool for remote access called Twate, [music] the sponsor of today's video. Because Twing is always my first choice when I need to log into my home servers over SSH or when I need to access any administrative web interfaces. [music] Because Twing is a secure, fast, and super simple solution. It's what we call ZTNA in tech a zero trust network access platform that establishes secure connections between [music] all of your devices. So every connection always have to be verified and authorized otherwise [music] Twinate won't let the request go through. And this technology is super amazing. It even works through NAT devices and firewalls without any port forwarding or firewall exceptions required. So you can just securely log into all of your devices at home no matter where you are or where you're connecting from. If you would like to try it out then check out my tutorials on how to install Twinate in your network and how to integrate this into your Docker Kubernetes or DevOps environment using Terraform. It is super cool and also completely free with up to five users and connects to 10 different remote networks. So, start making your network more secure and accessible with Twin Gate. Of course, I'll drop you a link to their website in the description box down below. All right, but now let's get started with the main topic of the video, Adgard Home and DNS or networkwide ad blocking. So, first of all, this is the website of Adgard Home. As I said, it is part of the Adgard family, but it is a completely free and open-source product. You can even scroll down here to find the GitHub repository. This will take you to the source code and there you will also find some installation instructions or tutorials on how to set this thing up. Now, EOT offers a bunch of different installation methods. Yeah, there is an automated install on Linux, Mac OS, FreeBSD, OpenBSD. So, that basically runs a simple bash installation script and guide you through the setup. But of course, as most of us HomeLab nerds want to have a little more control over the setup, I know that most of you probably will prefer the installation of a Docker container. That's also my preferred choice because it is super simple and easy to set this up. So, that also comes with a few simple commands that you basically can just copy and paste to your Docker host. But, of course, if you're following all of my other installation tutorials, you probably will know that I most likely prefer a Docker Compose file that you can easily copy paste and also customize. to create this docker compos file. We of course will use my famous boilerplate CLI tool. So that is a simple uh script that I've created to share all of my deployment and configuration and DevOps templates with you. So here on this GitHub repository you can find the source code of the CLI app as well as all of my templates not just for ATG but for any other applications. Just take a look you can install this CLI tool with also one simple command paste it in the terminal and that then runs the installation. Once that is done, you can easily just run the boiler plates command in your terminal. First of all, you always should make a repo update. So, this pulls down all of the latest updates of my GitHub repository library so that you have the latest and greatest versions of the templates. Also, don't forget to update the boilerplate CLI tool itself from time to time because in the last versions, I fixed some critical bugs. To update the CLI tool itself, just run this simple oneline installation script again that will always update to the latest version. All right. So once you have that, let's execute boilerplates compose list. So this will give you list of all of the templates that you have pulled down from my GitHub repository. Here you will find templates for all these applications and I just recently added a new template for atgard home. To show the details of this boiler plate, just use the compose show command followed by the unique identifier of this boiler plate. And this will give you some installation instructions such as the descriptions, some prerequisites. So things that you actually should be aware of before deploying this and some references to the official projects as well as the template file structure. So it's basically just a simple uh compos. Mml file. There's everything in here and you can even customize this compos file by setting some variables to change the port exposures, maybe add a separate volume mount point and you can even automatically install the traffic label. So this will later be super important for local DNS over TLS encryption because this requires trusted TLS certificates by using a traffic reverse proxy. You can easily obtain them from let's encrypt completely for free and I autorenew. Now if you don't know what traffic is, you definitely should watch my other traffic tutorial. Link is also in the description. Now let me just generate a super simple docker compose boiler plate for ATG home. You just use the boiler plates compose generate command followed by the ID of the boiler plate you want to generate and then you can set some parameters like with a -v you can modify these variables. For example, if you want to enable traffic, you just put in the name of the variable enabled equal true and this will then change some other dependencies for this variable as well. But you can also use the guided settings to walk you through setting and customizing all these variables as well. I will show you both ways. I think that might be pretty useful. Um, by the way, these compos templates are usually generated in the directory where you're currently located. It will create a new directory that has the name of the boilerplate ID. If you want to save this to a different location, just use the dash O parameter. For example, let's uh put this in the temporary directory under add home. And it will ask you to customize any settings. If you say no, it will generate them with all the default values. But if you say yes, it will guide you through setting all these variables manually. So here the service name is a required variable. It's by default set to atcard home. If you don't want to customize anything, you want the default value. Just hit enter. It will automatically load this. The container restart policy to unless stopped. I think that's also fine. Now here I've also added a separate initial setup wizard on port 3000. Now this is later important. It's mentioned here in the prerequisite. So during the initial setup, Edgot Home runs a separate HTTP server on port 3000 to guide you through the configuration. This is unencrypted. So you definitely should be uh careful when you're connecting to a remote Atcot home to set this thing up. You probably should do this in a protected network. Uh but this is only relevant for the initial setup. Once you have completed the setup, it will close the port 3000 and it won't be accessible anymore. with a no you can regenerate the boiler plate and disable the setting but of course we want to say yes and follow the initial setup the docker network mode now this is also quite important for the DHCP functionality it's similar to pi hole I've explained it there but if you want to get more details we will talk about this uh in a second also for the ports of course we want to use port 80 that's the HTTP port this probably is not relevant if you're using traffic anyways but um yeah I will talk about this later here You can customize the volume storage. By default, I always use local Docker volumes. I think this is the best way to do it. But if you prefer a mount point or an NFS volume, you can also configure this. Now, here we want to configure the traffic reverse proxy integration. So, this basically just adds labels to the Docker compos file that are relevant for the traffic reverse proxy. Again, if you don't know what that is, you probably just continue with no and you then have to connect to the actual HTTP or HTTPS directly. But if you are using traffic like me, I think this is the best way to obtain trusted TLS certificates for any containerized applications, which is also super important for DNS over HTTPS later. So, I certainly would recommend you to do this. If you want to customize the traffic proxy network name, you can do it in here. And then you need to specify the subdomain. I want to set this to adgard home. I think that's fine. And the base domain name you can customize to your uh yeah home lab domain that you're using internally. You probably know this when you're using traffic anyway. So I want to set this to server test one. So that's where I'm deploying atgard home later. Now of course I also want to enable HTTPS or TLS management for the traffic certificates. So that means that traffic will obtain the trusted TLS certificates from let's encrypt automatically for the atcode container by using my cloudflare uh certificate resolver that's using the DNS challenge. I've configured this all on my traffic reverse proxy and now this has generated successfully the atgot compose file. So let's take a closer look at this compose file. It is using two volumes here. one for the configuration file, one for the data, added all the necessary capabilities, and as I just told you, the traffic labels to automatically obtain TLS certificates for this application. Connected this to the external traffic proxy network. And that's basically everything. So, let me just copy this to my test server. I think I've made a small typo in the directory, so that was a bit confusing at first, but it's actually not that important. So let's copy this to server test one home.crave.de and then let's open a new connection to this. So here you can see on this server I'm already running a bunch of different containers. Here's also the traffic reverse proxy running. So that is great. We can now basically go at home directory. Here's the compost file and run a simple docker compose up-d. Okay. So normally I would just connect using atgartome.server test1.home.clave. CL creative.de. But this will not work yet because we have not finished the initial setup. So if you need to do this, you need to remove the S from the HTTPS protocol because it's using an unencrypted connection on port 3000. And this is the installation wizard. Okay. So before my eyes are bleeding, let's turn on dark mode. Luckily, it has a light and a dark mode theme. So that's great. And uh let's just go through the initial setup. Yeah, we will do uh another deployment in a second, but I will just walk you through everything. So, if you're using this inside a Docker container, you will most likely just have the internal interface of the Docker container and not your real uh interface on your host system, which actually doesn't really matter. So, just uh pick listen on all interfaces, the same for DNS server, but in theory, you could customize these things. But if it's running in the Doon container, probably don't touch this. No, you need to set up a username and a password. I will just pick something super super simple and that's it right that's the initial setup now it guides you through the setup um how you can set up your router your Windows Mac we will talk about this in a minute so let's just uh go to next and open the dashboard so now it's automatically redirecting us to HTTPS and then the real domain not on port 3000 the port 3000 is now not accessible anymore and if you're using traffic you should also see that the connection is secure because you are using trusted TLS certificates. All right, so let's now log in. This is the web admin dashboard of Adot Home. Okay, so one thing that I also explained in my Pi Hole tutorial, if you're not using traffic or you want to deploy Adgot on a server that already has an HTTP or DNS server running, you might want to follow a different deployment. So that's the reason why I've created the boiler plates in a way where you can configure the network mode. For example, if you want to give the art home container a completely separate IP address because that's what you want to use for your primary DNS server or maybe you need DHCP functionality. So then you need to set the network mode to host or MAC VLN. Now I personally don't like this setup because in this setup you cannot easily use traffic. you cannot use trusted TLS certificates and that kind of makes the DNS over HTTPS uh functionality at least in your local network completely useless. However, you could also make the argument that this is actually not that important and for simplicity um you might just prefer using a MAC VLAN mode instead of complicated traffic reverse proxy whatever. So if you want a super simple setup without all these TLS certificate mess and you just want to get this working for testing or whatever, you can generate a new uh deployment. I'm going to set a few variables here. So you can do this uh through the guided wizard or you can set uh parameters. It's depending on what you like most. I will just show you the other method uh so I can show you how the tool is working. For example, if we set the network mode to MAC VLAN. Now this requires you to set up these other parameters. For example, the IP address. So then you can give this container a completely separate IP address on your local network. For example, uh I don't know 24 99. Yeah, the parent interface is whatever is the primary uh network interface of where you want to deploy this on your real host server. I usually set this to ETH0. That's at least on my physical machine the case. Then of course you also need to define a subnet. In my case, it is this one, but uh if you're using a 24 subnet mask, your IP addresses will likely look a bit different. And you also need to specify a gateway. So this is the IP address of the router of this network. By default, traffic is disabled. So note on this setup, I will not enable traffic reverse proxy. Do you want to customize any settings? I say no because I've set all the variables in my initial command via parameters. And let's also take a look at this file. Now you can see the traffic labels are completely gone because this is not relevant anymore. And the port exposures are also completely gone because when you're using MAC VLAN, the container is automatically always accessible with all the services that the application uses on that IP address. You can uh even deploy this side by side the other container if you want. So for example, let's also copy the second deployment to my server dora compose up-d because it's using a completely different IP address. It doesn't generate any conflict with a port bindings. So I can just connect to this IP address. I just can't remember which one we used. Ah, [snorts] we used this one. Yeah. Okay. So let's copy this. Uh let's put it here. Port 3000. And that's it. Here we are again. No, we could set up this as well. No. Again, uh this by default doesn't uh have HTTPS, doesn't have any certificates. Yeah. So, it's an unencrypted connection which is not ideal in my opinion. All right. So, now that's enough for the installation setup. I I know I sometimes take a little more time to go through the setups and deployments, but because I think this is super important to deploy this in the right way because it later makes such a huge difference how you can set up uh DNS over HTTPS. I wanted to go in a lot of detail through this here. But anyway, so uh let's assume you have used the traffic reverse proxy like I told you. You have trusted TLS certificates on your web interface. You're not using a separate MAC VLAN. Then you have a great production ready setup for EDC got home that you can use in your local network or maybe anywhere else. Now why do I make such a big deal about this? Why is ATC got home even better than Pi Hole? So many features are quite similar to Pi Hole. Yeah, on the dashboard you see the total DNS queries. You see the blocked domains by the filters, blocked malware and fishing. You see all the top clients that make DNS requests to your system. You see the top quer domains, block domains and whatnot. So, Dashbot is super simple, super clean. In my opinion, Adgar Home has in many, many places a little more intuitive and more cleaner design than Pi Hole. Pi Hole seems a little old, legacy, and sometimes not really intuitive what the different menus are meaning. So, here I like this a lot more honestly. Now, the block list are also kind of similar to Pi Hole. Default Pi Hole lists are using the uh Steven Black list, which is a community blacklist. Here you can see all the domain names that it contains and it contains about like 80,000 entries which is a lot and it's great that it's community maintained. However, when we go to the AdCot system, you can see it's a lot more. And when you click on this, you can see an important difference because the AdCot home DNS filter does not just support plain domain names. It's also supporting URL path blocking. Plus, Adgard uses their own filtering lists which come from their browser ad blocker extensions. Yeah. And it is in general more comprehensive coverage. So this is in my opinion a big plus for Adgot. And what is also super cool if you go to the settings and go to DNS settings you can see that it automatically configures a DNS upstream server. So where the DNS requests are forwarded to. And this uses by default Quatt 9 which is a nonprofit organization for uh managing DNS queries. And the important difference here is that you see the HTTPS protocol in front of that. So that means uh Edgar home is by default using built-in DO support DNS over HTTPS which means all the DNS requests are getting encrypted. We will later talk about some of the technical details about this and why this is such a big deal. And uh what is also a big plus that is not possible in Pi Hole, you can even add per client configuration block lists and settings. So this is a little hidden under uh client settings. So here you can add persistent clients by using an IP address or MAC address filtering. And then you can enable or disable certain settings for just that specific device. And you can even set other upstream servers or block specific services. So this is also super cool. I will show you that in a different menu, but you can set this up um globally or per client. So this lets you block preconfigured services like JGPT cla so AI services, dating websites. If you want to prevent your wife from opening the Tinder app, for example, you can just enable this or you can block gambling sites, gaming, web hosting. So there are so much in here. Social networks. Yeah, this is really cool. So you can very easily block specific services uh maybe for your children. Yeah, it also has some parental control features. So in my opinion, this is just a much much better feature set compared to Pi Hole. And you can also manage uh custom DNS records. Um this is by using DNS rewrites. So here you can add a new rewrite for example to send a query to a specific domain which is super cool. For example uh anything that goes to home.clave.te I want to send to my local DNS server instead of routing this to the internet. So I know a long introduction but honestly I think at home is super great. Thank you so much for anybody who recommended this in the comments because I actually didn't know that this was existing but it's really nice. But now that this is running, you might wonder how do you actually configure your devices to start using this. Uh so that's the next critical step because currently this is just sitting there and ready to work. But it's not actually processing anything because it doesn't receive automatically any queries from your network. You have to tell all of your devices, hey for DNS resolving, don't ask Cloudflare or your ISP DNS server, just send everything to Adgard Home. And this is then doing the filtering and all of that stuff. So according to the Adgard's documentation, there are two recommended approaches for configuring your network to use Adgard. Your option one is to configure your router or DHCP server, which is the recommended way. And the option two is to configure individual devices. Of course, uh individual device is always a lot of work. So that's why I'm not explaining it. It doesn't actually make sense. You simply just configure your home router, whatever device it is, configure your DHCP server settings to send a DNS server configuration to all of your devices. So then when a client is connecting to your home router and asking for an IP address via DHCP configuration, the home router will send the DNS server which uh you configure to the IP address of the atgot home server to the client and then the client can make a DNS request to Adgot. Now this is super easy. It doesn't require any additional configuration on your devices. Yeah, in my example I'm using an open sets firewall that I also made a video about. So here I just go to my services, go to IC DHCP and then just go to DNS servers and set the IP address of the server where atgard home is running. So just to test how that would work, if you want to do an NS lookup maybe on tinder.com. Yeah, don't think that I'm actually on this website. I'm just using this as a simple example. Yeah. So if you send a DNS query, you get an answer from your at home server. And when we do a refresh, you should see the DNS query popping up here in that list here. And you can also go in the query log to see what it is. Now let's try out the filtering because I don't want anybody to open the Tinder's website. So I can uh click on blocking services and I can save this. Now when I do another DNS request, you see I get back an IP address 00 which is the black hole redirection. So basically to nowhere and then my client device cannot resolve the real IP address of the Tinder's server. And then you also see in the query lock that this here is blocked. By the way, uh the query lock also allows you to search for something. Yeah, specific P addresses or names. It is super easy and super cool. I really like this a lot. But yeah, that is just a normal DNS query. Now, if you want to have a little more protection for your DNS queries, as I said in the beginning, Adgot is by default using a DNS over HTTPS encryption. This is honestly the most powerful feature of Adgot. And this is where it really shines in comparison to Pi Hole. So, let's dive a little deeper into this. First of all, let me explain what these technologies are and why they matter. So, traditionally DNS queries are always sent in plain text over the internet on port 53. Anyone in between you and the DNS server, your ISP, your mobile carrier, even some random person on the Wi-Fi network you're on can exactly see what domains you're looking up. Yeah. And this is of course a huge privacy problem when your ISP can look up all of your requests. It can basically build a complete profile on your browsing habits just by watching the DNS queries. It doesn't need to encrypt the connection between the browser and the real web server. It can just do that by the DNS queries. So they can literally see every website you visit, when you visit it, how often you visit it and so on. Now that's why we came up with DNS over HTTPS or DNS over TLS to solve this problem by just encrypting DNS queries. Now it's important to understand the difference between the two. DNS over TLS DOT wraps all the DNS queries in TLS encryption typically on a separate port 853 which is a dedicated port just for encrypted DNS and there's also DNS over HTTPS do which sends the DNS queries just over the normal HTTPS port for for free which is the same one that is as used for secure web browsing which makes it effectively harder to block or detect because you cannot distinguish the DNS queries from other real browsing activity. So both technologies provide encryption but do has become the more popular choice because of that reason. It's also important to say that there are two places where DNS encryption can happen and they serve different purposes. The scenario one is this year. This is the default. When you configure Atgot home in your home lab and you configured your router to send your client via DHCP a different IP for the DNS server, your client will still make a plain unencrypted DNS lookup to the ATCO home server on port 53, but then the Adgot will send this to the upstream server by using DNS over HTTPS on port 4 for free. So that means your ISP in between cannot distinguish that traffic from real browsing activity. It's just seeing oh there is a new HTTPS connection port for for free to the Cloudflare server but they don't really see what DNS query you are making. Now this of course is by default out of the box a super secure setup. However, you can even take that a step further by also encrypting the local DNS queries over HTTPS. So that means your client will not send the DNS queries in plain text to Adgot. You can also send them over the HTTP port. And when you're using Adgot in combination with a traffic reverse proxy, you can also use the trusted TLS certificates on the port for free and just send the DNS requests to that traffic reverse proxy. It will forward it to at home. From there, it goes to the upstream DNS server. So the entire connection from your local device over your local network to your atgot home and from there is completely encrypted which is really great and in my opinion the most secure setup. Now if you go to the settings here if you want to enable this you need to go to settings encryption settings and enable encryption here. However there is a small problem that I encountered. You cannot really save this configuration because it's asking you for a certificate and this is because by default the atgot home server would normally uh understand that this is the terminating connections. So um it's it doesn't know that there is a traffic reverse proxy in front of it and usually you would have to send the DNS queries to the HTTPS part of the ATCOT home server and the ATCOT home server would terminate the TLS connection with a trusted TLS certificate that you need to somehow obtain uh upload to the ATC's home server and put in the path here with the private key. Now, this of course was a bit of a bummer when I saw it the first time, but luckily I found a way to overcome this, but it's a little hidden. You don't find it in the menu. Yeah, you just leave on the defaults and you need to go into the main configuration yl file of atgot home. So, this you can easily do by just uh going to the uh server where you have deployed atgardome and then run a super simple uh temporary container. For example, the netshoot container. This is a utility container that comes with a lot of network uh tools, but it also has a vim editor and a nano editor on board and is super simple uh efficient uh container where you can just hook into a container automatically mount the volumes from an existing container and open a bash shell. Uh okay. Uh probably I need to use a different name here because I made a typo in the beginning of this tutorial. All right. Anyway, so I will just replace it with this. Yeah. And then it will work. So now we are inside the atgot home container. And if you go into the /opt addg guard home conf directory, you will find the main add.l file. If you open this, you see this is the entire configuration of your system. And there are two sections that are really important. There is a TLS section where you need to enable TLS. And then there is a setting that is called allow unencrypted do. Set this to true. So then the traffic reverse proxy will receive the DNS query and it will send it to the port 80 of your ATC home server. And by setting this it will accept it. Now there's one other problem that I saw in the locks of the queries. You will not see the real client IP address because a client is sending it to the traffic reverse proxy. only traffic will see the client's IP address and it need to forward it to the ATC got home server otherwise ATC got home will just see the internal IP address of the traffic container because this is a standard reverse proxy uh flag that is sent in the HTTP request you need to enable this setting here trusted proxy so that the atcot home server trusts the connection from the traffic container you can easily do this by just adding all of the docker internal networks uh by using the 726000/12 subnet masks. So this is like all of the docker local internal networks and then uh you can exit this container. You just need to restart your atgot home server. So just do a docker compos up abdu for with force recreate or stop the container redeploy it. Uh you can do it either way. And then uh when the container has restarted and we refresh the page, this setting here is enabled and we don't need a certificate. All right. So now we can send a DNS over HTTPS queries uh from our local device to the Atcot home server. I will just demonstrate how that would work. You would need to go in your operating system settings. I think Windows no supports do. I don't really know because I haven't used a Windows device in the last two or three years anymore. But I know it's there somewhere and I hope Mac OS probably also does it. But I can also use a simple terminal command. I will use Dogo. This is a modern Rust uh DNS troubleshooting tool. Of course, I will again use the Tinder example here. And the query you need to send is at https at home and then /dns query. You see that the response immediately comes back with 0000. So that means the adcut home receives it and answers it with a black hole response. And when we go back to the UI, you should also see in the query lock blocked service tinder.com. So in comparison of the plain DNS query, you see that this is definitely working over the encrypted connection. And yeah, this is how that magic all works. You can of course test this with other pages. For example, Christian.e should immediately work. Uh because yeah, that's fine. And you see this in the query log. All right. So next the only thing that's left to do configure your router configure a DHCP server send all the DNS queries to adgard home and for all the devices where you want to encrypt the connection inside your local network configure DO on the operating system of your device or you can do it in the settings of your browser and configure the devices to send the DNS queries via DO to the adgards home DNS name and then you have completely encrypted DNS queries with a built-in at and tracker blocking, parental controls, custom filtering, block lists. So yeah, this is really an amazing system. But yeah, that's it for today. I hope you liked this tutorial. I know it was a little detailed, but I think there are some important technologies that deserve to be covered in a lot of technical detail. So if you like these kind of videos, please give this video a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel for more technical tutorials. And please also tell me in the comments what do you like more pi hole at home or maybe you like another service. I've also heard some people saying blocky. So maybe that's um yeah a tutorial that I could do next year or so. And of course if you haven't seen the boilerplate CLI tool uh before check this out give this uh GitHub repo a star. By the way if you encounter any issues or trouble go to my discord server. We have a friendly and open community there to get support or to raise suggestions for other Docker Compose templates I should add to this library. And as always, thank you so much for watching. A big thanks goes out to all of the supporters uh on my channel or on Patreon. You guys are really amazing. And of course, I will catch you in the next tutorial. Take care everybody. Bye-bye.

=== Manage your network like a PRO // Netbox Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQ-y2ZOTpr4

Hey guys, it's Christian and today I'm going to show you how to manage your network infrastructure like an absolute pro using netbooks. If you're running a home lab or any other kind of IT infrastructure, trust me guys, it is the tool that you definitely need to know about. I'm so excited about it because like most of us in the beginning I also started with simple spreadsheets or using note-taking apps to track my servers, IP addresses, VLANs or I used drawing apps for visualizing my server rack and network topology. But as my Homelab infrastructure grew over time, it honestly just became an absolute nightmare to do this manually. So I've recently searched for an application that would help me to track this in a much better and more centralized way. And as most of my projects are defined as declarative config deployments in Git repositories, I also wanted to be able to automate my resource tracking, ideally using my favorite automation tools, Ansible and Terraform. Now with Netbox, you can do all of this and even more. It is a super powerful IP address and data center infrastructure management platform or shortly called IPM and DCIM where you can track just so many things from IP addresses and ranges to device types, different manufacturers, VPNs, VLANs, network connectivity. It is absolutely crazy. And if that's even not enough for you, you can extend this application with community plugins or as I said use anible and terraform to automate your resource tracking. And the best netbox of course has a free community edition that we can easily deploy in our home lab. So let's do this together. I hope you will like it. But before we continue with network management and documentation, let's quickly talk about how to actually secure our network infrastructure. And to do that, you sometimes need to think like an attacker and practice some of the attack patterns your network might be vulnerable to. That's why I'd like to show you the sponsor of today's video. Try Hackme, the world's largest hands-on real world cyber security training platform with over 6 million users. And what I love about this, everything runs directly in your browser. So no setup, no virtual machines to configure, no production setups you could damage, just instant access to real hacking environments. Let me show you. So here I'm jumping into their offensive security room right now. It starts with a beginner friendly challenge, hacking into a fake bank web application. And here's the thing. Yeah. So these labs simulate real world conditions that you can reset at any time. So you're really encouraged to experiment and even break things as you're learning. Watch this. So here I'm running directory B on the fake banking website. This command brute forces the website to discover hidden pages. And just look at that. We found / images which is just pictures. So nothing interested. But there's also a /bank deposit. So that's a secret endpoint. This page lets you add money to bank accounts. But I'm going to leave you hanging there. You probably have to try out yourself what happens next. Of course, it is just a very simple test, but it still explains some of the fundamental techniques cyber criminals use to break into real systems. And it certainly helps you as a network admin to defend yourself against this if you understand what's going on. And by the way, it's also a lot of fun. So jump into try Hackme with a link in the description. Start with the offensive security room and see how far you can get. Many rooms are, by the way, completely free to play. And with my code, Christian 25, you get 25% of the annual plan if you want full access. Okay, guys. So, let's get back to Netbox. And first of all, we need to install this thing on our HomeLab environment, of course. Yeah. By the way, this is the website, netboxlabs.com. I will put you that in the description. So, this is the official website of the Netbox application where you get more information about this app. And you can also find links to the enterprise versions that they offer, but also to the free community edition and the project you find on GitHub. There's also a link to the documentation. Just make sure that you select Netbox community. So here you get more installation tutorials, uh getting started guides, and more information about customizations, about the different integrations and plugins that you can use. So this is definitely a great source of information that you should take a closer look at. Now, if you go to the installation guide, you might directly notice that this is kind of a more complex environment where you need to set up a few different things to make this work. Like a netbox is mostly written in Python, but it also requires a Postgress database and a Reddis database for the caching. And there are also other tutorials about setting up an HTTP server that allows you to obtain SSL certificates for your Netbox platform. Now you can of course go through all of this stuff, install this on a Linux server directly. I've also find a community project around it. Of course, I will also put you that in the description links. And this is a community-made docker image of the Netbox server and worker and you can easily find some examples for docker compos deployments to spin up a new netbox instance and connect this to a radius and postgress database container. And then you could use this in combination with something like traffic, the free and open source reverse proxy that I'm using to obtain truss TLS certificates from Let's Encrypt. You hopefully have all watched my traffic tutorial. If not, we'll also put this in the description. But if you want to get started with a super simple and easy template that contains all of the important settings as well as the traffic labels and configuration settings for email notifications and everything important, you should also take a look at my boilerplates GitHub repository. So this is a free template collection library and I've also created a small CLI tool that you can use to spin up a new netbox docker compost stack in just a few minutes that contains everything you need for a production ready setup. So you don't need anything else. You just need this repository. Copy this one simple command to install the boilerplate CLI tool in your terminal. Uh when you're watching this video right now, there should also be a new version of the boilerplate CLI tool released. the version 010. If you're watching this video a bit later, there are also might be different versions, but this contains a more comprehensive list of all of my templates that I'm currently maintaining. Here you also find the traffic reverse proxy and then use this in combination with the netbox docker compos template. Let's uh first of all take a closer look at this template what it all contains thev file that contains all these secrets. So that you should definitely secure properly and the compos file that contains the compost stack for docker to deploy. You can also set up a few variables that will enable or disable certain settings in the compost template. So for example, if you want to enable traffic labels, you can easily just customize these values here with your preferred settings like the traffic network. This automatically connects this to an external Docker network where your traffic reverse proxy should be running. And in the new version of the boiler plate 010, I've also split the traffic host into two variables, the traffic domain. So this you can preconfigure with default variables to your uh local DNS zone that you're using in the home lab. In my case, this is home.cl.te. And the traffic host will be the subdomain. And you can also enable the traffic TLS. So this will automatically obtain a new trusted TLS certificate for the host and the domain uh using your certificate resolver that you have configured and you can also enable email settings. So here you can add an email host port, username, password and an encryption. So this will be start TLS or SSL depending on what you are preferring. This will automatically enable the environment variables to set up proper email notification in Netbox. Also pretty useful. And you can also choose if you want to connect this to an external database. So then the docker compost stack will skip the Postgress container. Let's just do this together. By the way, uh the new version of the boiler plates uh CLI tool also contains a few other settings here. For example, we can set the dash N for non-interactive mode. Otherwise, it will ask you to go through all the variables so you can change them in the CLI. But if you're using a simple dash N, it will skip the customization. it will just deploy it with all the variables that you define here. And you can also now use dash o to output this to a specific directory. For example, I will just say uh temp netbox uh demo for example. And then we can also uh use the -v parameter to set some specific variables. For example, if you want to enable traffic, just set this to true. Traffic host I want to set to netbox server test one. And I also want to enable email notifications. Set this to true. Of course, you also need to customize then the email variables. Here you can also use environment variables if you export them first. So I'm using this so that you don't see my real email secret values of course. And then hit enter. So this will automatically generate the template. Here you can also see the variables that you have enabled. Currently I've disabled the metrics. By the way, the netbox secret key, this is also something that you would have to generate manually. If you don't set a value here, it will automatically generate a 50 characters long secret key that Netbox requires and put this in theV file in the directory that you have used to export this template to. And as I can see, it here skipped the port exposure because we have enabled traffic, the reverse proxy. So, we don't need to access the unsecured web interface 8,000 port exposure. If you are not using TLS certificates and you want insecure connections, then you can skip the traffic labels and you can just open the web interface on the server name using the port 8000. All right. So, uh let's go to my Netbox demo environment. Let's take a look at the uh files that have been generated. You can see it has created a simple Netbox container with the latest version that I've updated to my template library. If you're using a reverse proxy, you also have to set this allowed host variable. I've automatically done this using the traffic host and domain part. Here are the settings for the database. The time zone is also kind of important. and the radius connection, the secret key that is in thev variable and of course the email configuration, the proxy network for traffic, a secure backend network for the database connection, the volumes, the traffic labels as you have specified in the variables and the same for the separate worker process. And here you find the small radius container, the radius cache container and the Postgress database for the back end. And here are the networks defined, the volume. So this is everything that we need with my boiler plate CLI tool. Everything should work automatically. We don't have to specify anything else. So we can just connect to my server test one. I just want to check if there are any containers running. So you can see I've already pre-eployed the traffic reverse proxy. So that should be running and we can just start the container in the background. So this will pull down the latest version of the container images. Start everything. And it takes a few minutes until the server is um fully provisioned because it first of all needs to initialize the database with some values. You can by the way monitor this progress if you just use docker compose locks. Don't be worried if you're seeing a lot of error messages here. That is because when the worker and server processes start before the database has actually been provisioned, it will stop and fail. But don't worry, it will retry to start up again in a few minutes. So just wait until everything is complete. The process is complete when you see that message in the lock unit configuration loaded successfully. Netbox has been started. All right. So now we can open a new browser window and just open netbox.server test1.home.cl.de and you can now log into the web interface with the default admin user and password is also admin. So don't worry if some of the pages are operating a bit slow. I think that is based on the Python code. So this is actually not the most efficient one. So when you first click on any of the site, it might load for one or few seconds, but the second connection should be much faster and then you can navigate through all of the menus. Now one thing before I start showing you around and uh explain how to work with this system and what you can all track here, want to mention one thing that is super important. So here you see a warning message in the locks. that says you have the old default admin API token in your codebase. The token is widely known and please remove it. So I don't actually know why the heck they don't do this by default because it is a super insecure practice. But anyways uh first of all go to the admin settings go to users and there you can customize your admin user. So you can change the password. That is also definitely something that you that you should do. And then go to API token. So here you can see there's a default API token 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and so on for the admin user with write access enabled and no permissions and no allowed IP addresses. So I don't know why the heck they're doing this. You can just use the API with this default token to access everything and just change the entire configuration. So this is super dangerous if you don't change this. For demo purposes I will just leave it by default but in a production environment please remove this. Yeah. or set this to a secure value. All right. Uh so that's it. Um and also because we have enabled the email labels, of course, I also want to test if the email notifications are working. So there is a nice documentation page somewhere in the official documentation here. So that explains how you can easily test this. These are the environment variables again preconfigured in the boiler plates. But um here you can use a small Python script to send a simple test notification. So all you have to do is just execute docker compos xsec/ interactive terminal on the netbox container and open the bash. So this will open a shell where you can just paste the command to open the python uh script. And here you now just need to copy and paste these commands here. So first of all, import the Django core mail library sent mail and then send a mail from the email address that you have used in your from environments to any email address of your choice. Uh execute this and if you see an error here might indicate there's something wrong with your credentials. If you see a one that means the test email has been sent and you should see a small test notification like this. Yeah. So this way you can confirm that's working. All right. Perfect. So then you can just exit the Python console and the container shell as well. And let's go back to the netbox environment and let me just show you around what you can all do here. So if you just explore the different sections in the menu, you can set up things like organization settings. Tenants is probably super important for any larger organization that may manages tenant clients or building IT documentation for your customers or what else? You can also manage contacts here. You can manage server racks, rack types. Uh you can manage the different regions and the sites. So where devices and uh things are located. You can manage devices of course platforms. You can even manage entire cases or components of devices. So every network card, every GPU, every CPU, mainboard, memory, you can manage as a separate parts here. So you can see there is so much you can track and it might be a bit overwhelming if you're just starting out and you don't really know so what you should use. Also what is sometimes a bit annoying that if you want to create a new device for example you can't do this because first of all you need to create a site then you need to create a device type and a device role that you need to assign. So there are many dependencies between these uh different items. But don't worry, let me just uh walk you through step by step through a minimal configuration that can later expand according to your needs. So if you're using this to document a small home lab, you can just use a few different components. You probably don't need to track tenants or so. But if you're using this in a large IT organization or an IT service organization, you can track almost everything that is important to your or to your customers environment. So that's really cool. All right. So first of all uh you need to set up a site. So a site is the main organization uh item or entity that you need to create. It is a physical location can be office, a data center or a home lab. So I will just add a new one that I'm calling homelap. Yeah. Uh the slack is by the way the URL friendly unique shortand name. So that typically uses uh no spaces, no special characters, only lower cases. And here you can also add uh any other things like regions. You can add groups in here. Facilities, ASN, time zone, description, tenant group, physical address, shipping address. Yeah, again it is designed for larger organizations as well. Uh but if you just fill out the required fields, it should also be enough. Let's just create the new home lab site and then let's first of all uh close this organization and go to Sorax. So this again is also super cool. In the past I've created some visual diagrams using X Kelly draw. But here you can track different server racks in your environment or customers environment. Here you can see if I wouldn't have created a site I wouldn't been able to create a server rack before. So um select this site and then I'm just calling this home lab server rack. Yeah, of course it is active. You can also set up specific uh statuses if this is planned or deprecated, reserved for uh future expansions or what else. Can also create rack roles, rack types, but honestly I just have a single server rack in my home and I think that's even more than enough. But typically you could fill in airflows, facility ids and whatnot. Yeah. Uh this might be important here. The width usually you can switch between small 10 in smaller homelap racks or um standard 19 in. Yeah, I think the other I've not seen anywhere. And you can also set the starting uh units and the height unit. So I think in my example I have 24 units in my ser. And in this page you can even see here a diagram of your server. So if you add devices you can later choose on which uh unit they are located. And that is pretty cool. So then you don't need to use any other third party tools. You can automatically attach a device to the right location. And of course you can later choose how much units a device consumes. So that is really cool. And you can even manage the front and the rear. This is super practical. All right. So now let's add a device to this server. So first of all we need to go to devices. I will close the Rex here. And before we can do anything with devices, we need to create a device ro. So a device role basically defines the job that it does. You can also later create device types which are more about the hardware what it is. The device roles are really things like for example a router that you can choose specific color for that. Uh by the way you can select or deselect this here VM ro. So that defines if a virtual machine can be attached to this role. Uh maybe I should go back to the device roles because I've accidentally added the switch AVM ro. So I think that's not actually correct because it doesn't really make a lot of sense here. But typically you could create a virtual firewall or virtual router if you want. Yeah, a virtual hypervisor doesn't actually make sense. So maybe we just remove that here as well. Just add more stuff if you want like firewalls or yeah, I don't know printers for example. You could also manage printers here. Then I also want to create a device type. So um first of all I need to create a manufacturer. Um sometimes they have smart selection boxes in their menus like a manufacturer. I haven't created this originally. I would have to go back to a different menu first but sometimes you see a plus icon here. So that means you can directly create a manufacturer here. Now here you track things like HP Dell or whatever minis forum for example if you have mini PCs. Yeah that's also uh good. I usually track a DIY if I have devices that I completely built myself. Yeah. With main boards, different cases and so forth. And yeah, let's for example choose DIY. Uh the model is uh for example, let's I create two unit DIY rack server model. So this is a very generic thing, but I use this for my uh Proxbox server for example. So here this is a 2unit device. So I switched the height to two units. Exclude from utilization no is full depth. Um yeah it kind of is but I think that's enough. So let's create this device type. All right. And now we can start creating a new device. Okay. So I'm going to start with Proxmox production one. This is the uh one Proxmox server that I have. It is a hypervisor of course and it is a two-unit DIY rack server. Now here I also need to select the side and what you can also do now it is optional but if you use this for rack server management you can also select the server rack um that it is on the front or on the rear and which position it is. So I'm just going to pick I don't really know what position it is in my real home environment but just pick U16 probably. Yeah status is active. Let's create this. And now if we go back to Rex, you can see in the home lab server rack that this is now um filled in with the Proxmox production one. So if you add more devices, you have a really good plan of your home lab server rack. Of course, it is a lot of work to track all these things. But don't worry, we will talk about automation in a few minutes here. Yeah, just want to continue showing you around with some other stuff that might be useful. For example, virtualization. You can add virtual machines. These are not really devices because devices are physical things and virtual machines are virtual things as the name already suggests. Yeah. And first of all we have to add a cluster. Before we can do that we have to add a cluster type. So yeah again we need to go through this process here. Yeah. But uh once you have set up your original like the roles the colors and things the other stuff is uh much easier. Yeah. Okay. So let's just create proxmox cluster. You can use a different slack if you want here. Proxmox for example. Yeah, I think that's fine. And now go to clusters. I will call this prod Proxmox cluster production one. Of course, this is a Proxmox cluster status is active. Yeah, that's all. Let's create this. And now we can add virtual machines. By the way, what you can also do um you can attach devices to this cluster. So for example, if you go in here and you manage your physical machines. This is Proxmbox production one that we've just enabled. Let's click on edit and let's attach this to the where is it here. The Proxbox cluster production one. So then this physical device is attached to this virtual cluster and we can later also say that we want to place the actual virtual machines on that specific device as part of the cluster. So uh let's go to virtualization again virtual machines and let's create a new virtual machine. I want to call this uh server production one for example. Yeah the status is active. This is a ro server. The cluster uh we can choose here and this is specifically created on the prox production one hypervisor. You can also select a primary IPv4 or IPv6. But you cannot type in anything in here because as you might have already guessed it, you need to first of all create this IP address as a separate object. But anyway, we will do this in a minute. So let's first of all create this virtual machine. As you can see here, you can even create components for this like interfaces. You can also add resources like virtual CPUs, memories, disk space, configuration context and whatnot. So this is really a super powerful platform. So sometimes it might be a bit overwhelming again but uh don't worry about it. You don't have to use all these features. So just use what actually is important to you and to your documentation. What you want to keep track of and things that might frequently change you probably don't have to fill in. Yeah. One thing that is also super useful and of course this is also one of the main reasons why I definitely wanted to set up Netbox for my home lab is IP address management. So, IPAM this is also something that I previously just have written down somewhere. Uh, you could also add some more complex environments like ASN, aggregations, VRFS. You of course don't have to use this in a home lab. But something that might be useful is VLANs. Yeah. To keep track of this and certainly IP addresses. The most important thing here. So, you just can add a new IP address. Just typing in 202 for example. Or let's start with four. Uh, by the way, you also need to add a mask. So, 24 for a 24 subnet mask or 16. That's what I'm personally using in my home lab depending on how complex you want your network to be. And then you can assign this to a virtual machine. So, um, you will see no results here because we first of all need to create an interface. So, yeah, that's something we need to go back. Let's do this for my devices first. So let's go to interfaces and let's add a new interface on the Proxmox production one. I just want to call this ETH0. So this is just the super simple uh integrated network interface on the motherboard of the Proxbox server. And then I can go to IP address management and create a new IP address for this 10.20.0416 04/16 and attach this to the device Proxbox production one. Of course, I also want to make this the primary IP address of the device. And let's click on create. And then when you go back to IP addresses, you can see this one is uh currently reserved. It's assigned to a machine. And when you go to devices, you can also see the IP address of the device in this table here. So I think this is super practical. Let me quickly switch to my Netbox production instance because I just want to show you how that looks like in my real environment. So let us go to devices. So here you see all the physical devices that I've added my firewall, my NAS, my two Proxmox servers and my switch all with IP addresses. Uh but of course I've also added many virtual machines here. everything that I've deployed on my Proxmbox production cluster here with the CPUs, the IP address. And the more devices you have, the more complex this of course becomes. Uh sometimes I'm also switching or changing things around like changing IP addresses, creating new virtual machines for testing, deleting old virtual machines and stuff like that. In the past, I have written down all of this in a simple note-taking system. I was using notion for this in a simple table. But I've not always updated this. When I deployed a new server or changed something, you always have to remember when you do something, you have to go to your documentation and change it and so on. No, I want to show you one method that I've just recently applied to my system. And this is super super cool. Let me just show you the Proxmox project that I am managing. So here I'm managing all of my virtual machines as uh Terraform files. Um, I've in the past made a video tutorial on how to do this, but that basically allows me to create resources in a declarative way where I define all of my servers here in this file. And when I make updates to this terraform project, it starts creating the new virtual machines based on what is in this file. And if I change the memory or I change the CPU coursees and apply the changes, it will also automatically change or make the changes uh through the Proxmox API. And what is super cool, Netbox has a Terraform provider as well. You will find this project here. This is uh owned by Bringer. So this is no official provider, but I've tested this and it seems to work pretty well with at least the supported Netbox version. And of course if you see any errors here uh or if I see any things I will also make uh some pull requests to this repository for sure. It's super cool. You can also find this on the official Terraform registry. So here's the link to Boinger Netbox and um here you can see the files to use this provider. So here for example in my main Terapform project where I'm managing the Proxbox devices, I'm managing the DNS records as well and my authentic resources. I've also added the netbox provider here with all the configurations and secret variables and so on. And then I can start managing the virtual machines. And you can see that I'm not managing like the virtual CPUs as a raw uh value in here. This is actually a reference to the Proxbox device. And the same is also true for the IP address. So that means when I create a new Proxmbox VM and I copy this template, I can also copy all the other templates and the values that are documented on my netbox instance are basically just references to the actual source of truth which is in terraform. So when I change the virtual CPUs in here and I update the resource, this automatically updates the CPUs on my netbox instance as well. And the same is for IP addresses, for names, for everything. It's super super comfortable. So then you don't have to manually document everything yourself. You can basically connect all your different Terraform resources together. So this is super super cool. And what I also want to show you, by the way, it is not complete, but I've just updated the boiler plates to support Terraform as well. So here I started to collect some uh boiler plates for Netbox virtual machine for example. So when I show you this, this is a boiler plate to create the Terraform templates for managing VMs in Netbox. It doesn't have references to all the objects in Proxmox of course, but you can still enable IP address management for example, enable IPAM, enter a primary IPv4, enter a DNS name, and it will then generate the terraform files with all the values. Um, so you can easily automate your resource creation. Let me demonstrate how this works. So I will go back to our demo project where we have the compos file. Let me create a new directory called terraform and cd into that. So here we can start creating the files. First of all we have to create the provider.tf which you can basically just copy from the documentation here. And yeah so here you need to add your configuration options. Just go to documentation and then scroll down. So here's an example usage. You just need the server URL and the API token. So in my case, when we go back to my test environment, let's just grab the URL in here and the API key. Uh that's why I haven't changed it in the beginning. So then I can just copy the 1 2 3 4 5 and so on API token in here. And that's basically everything. Now we can start adding our Terraform files. But again because I'm lazy I will use the boiler plates templates to do that for me. So let us go in here and let's generate a new Netbox VMI here. I've already tested this before. So I will output this to the Netbox demo terraform project. So now this is actually a bit unfortunate here. I I I will find out how I can fix this in a future version. Currently it just overrides this file here if it exists in the directory. So you just create the template then change the file name. So that that should help. The resource name will be virtual machine test one. So uh that will be the object name the VM name. So this is the virtual machine name in netbox. The cluster reference. So um this is important. Every time you see an underscore ref means it is a reference to an existing object. So make sure if you're using this boiler plate that this cluster is actually existing before otherwise it will not find it. But if we go in here virtualization clusters you should see Proxmox cluster production one should be existing here. The same for site reference. So the site homelab should exist before creating this resource and then enable IPAM enable primary IPv4. Uh don't forget to add the /16 subnet mask and a DNS name. However, these things um as you might see here I can't see it right now but these things are optional right so you don't have to use them but you can use them. All right so let's just hit enter. So this will generate the boiler plate. And let's go back to the uh file. You can see the file was generated. And this is a template that is automatically created um according to the variables that we've used in the boiler plates command. But here it has created the interface object. It it has created the IP address object and attached it as the primary IP address to this device. Here's the resource for the virtual machine. and it queries the resources for the cluster and the site. So now uh one thing uh we just have to go in here and say tofu or terraform in it depending on what tool you're using for terraform automation. So this installs the boing up netbox provider and then when I now execute to plan you can see what resources uh would be created here. Um let's just do an apply auto approve. So then it's automatically creating the resources. And if we go back and go to virtualization virtual machines, here's our VM test one. But actually, I think I might just extend this template here with a RO name. That might be optional. So then you could add a RO reference in here as well. I will later take a closer look at the templates and I might add a few other settings here. And maybe I also expand the boiler plates list for more netbox options as well if you if you like. Of course, uh feel free to create your resource uh files as well. If you're using proxmokes to automate things or you want to document uh resources that you are already managing in terraform, remove the hardcoded values and just add a reference to something. I will think more closely about how we can interconnect these different references to other objects in the boiler plates. I'm not really sure how to actually solve this, but just see this as a starting point uh where you can copy and paste some of this information and just use this for your own automation deployments. Anyway, I think Networks is a super powerful platform that makes it documentation and especially network management so much easier and so much more professional. I hope you like this and now you can tell me in the comments what do you think about Netbox. Will you use this to document your home lab or IT infrastructure? And yeah, if you have any suggestions for boiler plates templates, uh check out the GitHub repository, create an issue or create a pull request if you want to contribute to this community project. But yeah, that's it for today. Uh thank you so much for watching. I hope that was uh interesting and helpful to you. Thanks to all the members and supporters of my channel. You guys are so amazing. You make all these community uh projects and the videos possible. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care everybody. Bye-bye.

=== Is the UGREEN NAS DH4300 Plus Your Next NAS? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8tP51HbDcE

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today I'm reviewing the UG Green NAS DH4300 Plus. It's a new value series device in the Ugra Nest family, so it comes with a few limitations for power users, but it is a pretty interesting deal for smaller environments because it has an efficient ARM CPU, a lot of memory, and some cool features like AI powered photo recognition, Docker support, and HDMI output for direct 4K playback. And honestly, I think the design is pretty slick. It fits perfectly on any desk without taking too much space because the engineers found a clever way of mounting hard drives. And because UG sent me this device for testing, today I'm giving you my honest and humble opinion on it. And more importantly, who I think this device is actually good for. So, let's get started. All right. So, now let's take a closer look at the hardware specs and more specifically on the disc layout because I think this is where UGRine did something different instead of traditional front loading trays. Because with the DH4300 plus, you easily slide in the drives vertically from the top. You just lift off the magnetic top cover where you get access to all of the four drive bays. By the way, each base supports either 3.5 in or 2.5 in SATA drives with a maximum capacity of 120 terabytes. So, four times 30 terbte drives. And of course, this NAS device supports multiple RAID configurations for redundant storage like Jbot, RAID zero, RAID 1, RAID 5, RAID six, and RAID 10. I personally would recommend for most home users or HomeLab nerds, RAID 5 because there you get the capacity of three hard drives. You got some decent performance and protections against one drive failure. But alternatively, you could also set up something different like grade 10, which gives you the best performance, but it also cuts your capacity in half. With a Ukraine nest, you got all the choices and it basically depends on your personal priorities. So, what matters more to you, speed, capacity, or redundancy? What's also interesting about this NAS, the heart of it is the Rock Chip RK 3588 processor, which is an 8 core ARM CPU with a hybrid architectures. It has four Cortex A76 cores, so these are the powerful ones, and four Cortex R55 cores, the more efficient ones. And yes, because of the ARM architecture, you lose some advanced features you might be missing from this NAS like you cannot run any virtual machines on it. You don't have ice cassi support and you don't get any 10 GB Ethernet or Thunderbolt ports. But for a small home nest, I personally think most people don't need that anyway. And on the other side, you have some advantages like you get low power consumption. I personally measured around 6 to 7 watts on idle even with all the drives plugged in. So when they're shut down so that you can just safely run this 24/7 and you don't have to care about power consumption at all. It also produces low heat and it quietly operates. And in the ARM space it is actually a very powerful device. Yeah, the clock speed of this CPU is around 2 GHz and it even boosts up to 2.4 GHz which is pretty impressive for an ARMbased NAS and it even comes with 8 GB of DDR4X memory. And yes, it's soldered on the board, so it's not upgradeable, but honestly, 8 GB is plenty for what this device is designed to do. And you still get one USBC port on the front, two USBA ports on the back, and a 2.5 GB Ethernet port, and also an HDMI port that supports 4K at 60 Hz where you can connect this directly to a TV or monitor. Plus, the operating system on this device runs from a dedicated 32 GB eMMC module, which means that all the data drives stay completely free for just storage. So, I think this is pretty decent. If you compare this to other competitors, for example, like the Synology DS 423 Plus that costs around like $4, $500, that only comes with a quadcore ARM CPU and only 2 GB of memory and just 1 GB Ethernet. or the QAP TS433 is around like $400 and it also has only a quad core ARM CPU, 4 GB of memory, and a 2.5 GB Ethernet port. So, at the end of the day, if you just compare the hardware specs of the UG Green DS4,300 plus, it's giving you more cores, more memory, and the same or better network speeds. And by the way, UG Green still has a Black Friday sale with about 25% discount where you can get this device for around $340. So that's why I personally think it's a really great deal. Of course, you will find a link to the UG's website and their offering in the description box down below. But of course, when we are reviewing this device, we cannot just compare the pure hardware specs because we also should take a look at the software. So, the device is running the UGR's proprietary NAS operating system, UGOS. And I honestly haven't found any instructions to flash the internal eMMC with a different system, probably because most systems won't support ARM anyways. So, I don't believe that you can easily install any other operating system of your choice, which might be a downside for some HomeLab people. But, I can say the Ukraine's operating system is pretty nice. It has a clean browser-based intuitive system that is super easy to use. The initial setup is also pretty easy and it of course has many many features for file management and sharing. It supports all the standard protocols like SMB, NFS and you can easily create folders with setting granular permissions, create user accounts, create groups and quotas and you can even set up share links with password protections and expiry dates so you can easily share data to somebody else. And it also has some clever backup options like automatic photo and video backup from your smartphone. It has scheduled backups from your PC or Mac. It even supports USB backup. So you just plug in an external hard drive and copy the files directly. And you can also synchronize to Google Drive, Dropbox, etc. And even supports NAST to nest replication for off-site backups. So I think that should fit most of the needs for a small home lab NAS. There's one thing that is pretty special about this device and this is the AI powered photo management. So, this is where the NPU in the RK 3588 chip comes into play because this allows the UGR NAS to do facial recognition. So, it can learn your faces and group photos automatically. I've just tested this with a few examples and that seems to work pretty great. And it also supports object and scene recognitions. So, if you upload your holiday photos and you search for beach or forest or something, yeah, it automatically finds all these photos and it also detects duplicate photos. And of course, it also has many multimedia functions like built-in apps for photos, music, and video. It has DNA, UPN media server, the HDMI output with theater mode where you can directly connect this to a TV and browse the media supporting 4K playback at 60 Hz. And if you want to stream videos or files to other devices, you can even install some small media Docker containers because yes, this device also fully support Docker, which I think is really great for home people. You can run any ARM compatible containers here like Portainer for example works great for container management and this really opens up a lot of possibilities like installing Home Assistant, installing Nexcloud or other media servers. Just remember that this is still an ARM architecture. So, make sure that the containers are ARM 64 compatible and you probably don't have a lot of memory to run an entire application server on this. But I think this is not really what this device is meant for. It's really a multimedia station with a solid and redundant storage. So, my honest take on the Ugree NAS DH4300 Plus is I think it's perfect for home users. their families, small offices, anyone who needs reliable storage without the complexity of the power consumption of bigger systems. Yes, it has some limitations. Yeah, it misses 10 GB Ethernet, no virtual machines, no icecazi. But let's be real, most people searching for a value series NAS device don't need that stuff anyways. And on the other side, you do get eight cores, 8 GB of memory, 2.5 GB Ethernet, Docker support, AI photo recognition, and an incredibly low power consumption. So, it's probably not the perfect device for everybody, especially power users probably want a little more. But for what it is, and for the price and the target audience, I think it's pretty hard to beat. But of course, you can now let me know in the comments what are your thoughts about this device. Do you like it? And as always, thank you so much for watching. Thank you so much to all the supporters of my channel. You guys are really amazing. And I'm going to catch you in the next video.

=== MCP Tutorial: Connect AI to your HomeLab (and more…) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AydDDYn09QA

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today I'd like to show you how to easily connect AI to your HomeLab DevOps workflows and many more systems using MCP, the model context protocol. And guys, this is a true gamecher. I've also been pretty skeptical about integrating AI into my home lab and tech workflows because sure GPT can write you some code, answer questions, but when it comes to actually doing something useful in your infrastructure like accessing technical documentation, maintaining Git repositories, or evaluating your automation workflows, most AI assistants are pretty much useless because they just don't have access to your systems, your infrastructure, and your knowledge. But MCP changes this. It's like giving AI the ability to see and interact with your entire tech stack. And the best part, MCP is an open protocol. And there's already a massive ecosystem of communitybuilt servers for nearly every tool out there that you can think of like Proxmox, Terraform, Cloudflare, N8N, GitHub, Docker, and some of them. And of course, also how I'm using them in my day-to-day workflow I'd like to show you in this video. Now, before we start, if you want to work with MCPS and AI and you just need a tool or program to use it, I'd like to show you my absolute favorite tool that I honestly use every single day for AI coding, but also throughout all of my videos. It's called Warp, the sponsor of today's video, a fully agentic development environment that unites CLI and IDE features into one single application. You can use Warp as your main CLI program. Use the built-in AI agent to autonomously create and execute commands, analyze your CLI output to troubleshoot and fix issues, and you can even write code that is tailored to your codebase and build, ship, and deploy sophisticated applications. It's absolutely fantastic. For example, I'm currently developing my own CLI program called boiler plates where I heavily used warp for agentic AI coding to write large parts of the codebase and it helps me to fix bugs and issues, review the code and maintain GitHub issues with the built-in MCP server support. There are tons and tons of features in WP to make your life as a developer or tech nerd easier. And if you haven't tried it out yet yourself, then you definitely should do right now because you can easily get started completely for free with no card required and no sign up needed. And if you like it and you need more AI tokens or access to some of their pro features, you can of course also upgrade to higher plans. I personally highly recommend it. Of course, I will put your link to it in the description box down below. All right, guys. So now let's get started with MCP server. So before I show you how the magic is working, I just want to recap what is actually the problem with dump AI assistance and how to fix this. So here I'm using Raycast, one of my other favorite tools that I'm using on Mac OS to work with several AI models. Some of them are very sophisticated just like the Claude 4.5 Sonnet. This is an absolutely fantastic AI model, but still this has many many flaws when it comes to realworld usage. If I'd like to create some Cloudflare Terraform resources to manage DNS records, I can ask the AI model to generate some example code. And as you can see here, it will immediately produce an output and some code examples. But if we take a closer look at these results from the AI model, you can clearly see that this is not using the updated resources and the latest versions of the Cloudflare Terraform provider because this comes from some old and legacy training data where the version 4 was the latest version of the Cloudflare's Terraform provider. But Cloudflare just did a massive refactoring of their Terraform provider and they use completely different names for the resource object. So you can hear it's Cloudflare DNS record. In our example from the AI model, it's just Cloudflare record. So the old legacy data and this will happen many many times when you need to use AI models for doing something actually useful on your infrastructure. Sure, you can iterate over this. You can now tell the AI here is the link of the documentation. Please use these examples. But there is a much easier way to do this because when I say can you use context 7 one of my MCP servers to check if this is actually correct it will gather the information from the technical documentation of the cloudflare's terapform provider completely by itself and it will update the examples to use the latest version 5 with the updated resource names and the correct syntax and all the parameters that it gathered from the official documentation. And when I know go on and say something like, "Hey, do you know where and how I'm managing my Cloudflare DNS records in my home lab?" Of course, the AI model doesn't have any information about my specific HomeLab setups or how I'm managing this in my environment. Of course, how should it? But when I say just try this again using my notion MCP server and my GitLab MCP server and say, "Hey, create a simple table for all the DNS records of Cloudflare that I have in my current environment." It can gather this information by using my technical documentation platform and my git repositories to provide the actual results from my production system. Now the AI model suddenly became a much more useful assistant and I could even now delegate entire configuration tasks or changing tasks to AI assistants using MCP server. This is absolutely fascinating. All right. So now of course you want to know how this magic is happening. What is MCP and how does it actually work? First, a few theoretical things. So, MCP stands for model context protocol and it was created by Anthropic, the company behind CLA. So, the AI model that we've just used and they built it because large language models, not just Claude, but also GPT, Gemini or basically any other AI assistants, they are all trained on data up to a certain point in time. So they are frozen in the past and they don't know about your specific infrastructure, your private documentation or the latest updates to all the tools that you're using. And sure, you could try to solve this with something like RA, retrieval, augmented generation where you feed the AI some context from your documentation, but this is also pretty limited because the AI can read information, but it can't actually do anything with it. It can't make any API calls. It can't execute commands. It can't interact with your systems. That's why it needs additional tools and where MCP comes in. So, think of MCP like a universal translator for AI. Some people call it the USB standard for AI models. Yeah. So, your AI speaks one language, the tools and the services speak another. And MCP servers are somehow the translator between these elements and they let them communicate and work together. First, you have your user that's sending a prompt to an AI client, which can be a program like the warp terminal or raycast. And then this AI client will send an MCP request to the MCP server. And the MCP server will then send an API request or any other form of communication to the end system. And it uses tool discovery to tell the AI client, hey, what are the functions and the parameters of all of the tools that it has access to. And the AI client later on can figure out on its own when it needs to call what particular function with what parameters to execute the user's request. The good news is that there is already a massive and growing ecosystem of MCP servers out there. First of all, many many companies are currently building official MCP servers for their own products. For example, Anthropic, the company behind MCP. They have built servers for things like file system access or GitHub, Google Drive. So, these are well-maintained, well doumented MCP servers and usually the best option. But of course, there are also many community maintained or community developed MCP servers for basically every tool and every service you can imagine. Yeah. And there is an awesome GitHub repository that catalogs some of them. I just want to show you this. This is called awesome MCP servers. And here you find a long long list of many different MCP servers organized in categories. So you can better find uh stuff that you're looking for. For example, if you search for context 7, you can find this here the update code documentation for LLMs and AI code editors. That's what we've just used in the raycast prompt. So just click on something that interests you and that will usually take you to the git repository of the um MCP servers developer and then you probably will find some instructions on how to add this to your AI client. But of course you don't find everything in here. Yeah. So first of all, I would check out the official MCP server by going to the vendor's website and find out if there is any officially maintained MCP server. And only if you don't find something, then you can search for community websites. Check out GitHub to find something. For example, the GitLab MCP server that I'm using in Raycast is not the official one because for the official one you need to pay for. But of course, there's also a community-maintained MCP server. That's the one that I'm using. No, it doesn't have all of the features that GitLab offers, but as this is a community-maintained project, you never really know how good it is and how well it works with your AI agent or your platform. So, be careful when using community projects. So, again, depending on what AI client you're using, the configuration and the setup might differ. uh but because it's a standard protocol they uh follow some kind of standard configurations and uh communication methods we will later take a closer look at this but just to show you how that's working in warp. So when you open the sidebar the warp drive you have something here that's called MCP servers and that opens up the settings menu you can also reach it from the general settings menu and then you can click on add. So this will open a JSON object where you put in your configuration your authentication tokens if the MCP server needs. Some of them don't need an API token such as context 7 you can use with or without an API token. But of course if you want to access systems that need some form of authentication you of course need to add your API token into the environment variables or arguments. So here for example if I want to use the npx command I can just copy this paste it here. I probably don't need the API key so I will just remove it and then click on save. And then you should see context 7 in your list here. Uh it should automatically start in warp but if not you can click on stop or start. And in raycast you can also very easily install this when you go to install server and then you need to put in uh the name for the MCP server. Use the standard input output format or HTTP depending on what the MCP server requires. and then put in the command and the arguments and the API key if you need. So, okay, so before I want to show you some other examples how you could use this, I uh still want to talk a little about the MCP server execution modes because you might have noticed in the context 7 documentation that there are different ways of executing MCP servers. So, the ones that are the most common ones are NPX execution mode. So, you might have seen this here uh when the command says npx this is using Node.js JS and supports auto updates. It's super easy to use. It just runs a simple program on your local device and it already has all the dependencies and functions in it and you configure it using environment variables. But there are also other MCP servers. You might need to start as a Docker container. So that um has some advantages of providing an isolated environment through the Docker engine. It has also easy dependency management and configured the same way. know that of course requires you to install a docker host or docker desktop or maybe stack on your local device to get this MCP server up and running. For example, here context 7 you can see in my warp terminal is using npx but the GitHub one for example is using a docker command. So you can run a different MCP servers with different technologies doesn't actually matter. And there are also some others that might use any executable command on your device. So this might be a Python script, a bash script or whatever. It's also using standard out and environment variables, but there's also a new category of MCP execution modes. It's using HTTP. And this um is a remote execution. So there the program is not running on your local device. It is running somewhere else in a cloud environment or on a provider. And that offers you to offload the processing to a different service. you communicate through HTTP or HTTPS and it also supports some other authentication alternatives. So sometimes you even don't need an API token. Uh you can use OOTH 2 to authenticate to the actual application that for example the notion MCP server does it like this. So the key thing here to understand is that the first three methods run on your local machine and the last one is just sending out web requests to a remote server. But the protocol is actually the same. So you can connect all with any AI model or AI client that supports MCP servers no matter if it is using local AI models or cloud hosted AI models. That's all depending on the client implementation of the MCP protocol. Now enough theory. Let's uh open my warp terminal and let's go through some practical use cases because I'm heavily using the GitHubs MCP server. As some of you might know, I've recently started my own CLI project where I need to program my own tool that you can use to create battle tested templates for Docker, Terraform, Anible, Kubernetes, and some others. You can easily install this on your local device and then just run it to generate the templates. And this is a project that I'm heavily developing with AI. I'm completely transparent uh with you guys because otherwise I would not be able to do this. And here the MCP protocol is super super helpful. For example, if I go to my repository and I say something like, can you check GitHub how many open issues I have to work on? This is using the GitHub MCP server to connect to my GitHub account and it can automatically get all open issues. Even if it's not just for the boiler plates repository, it also might find others for other repositories. So here you can see I have 16 open issues. some for my boiler plates repository with this version tag. Some for other repositories like my cheat sheets repository and my VS code theme. There are four issues. I probably might have to work on them at some point in the future. And I can also do something like uh can you create a new repository on GitHub test repo for example? Yeah. and add a new test issue there to create a simple readme.md update file. Something like this. Yeah, it's it's really just a dumb task to be honest. But uh of course, just see this as a demonstration what MCP is capable of because as I told you, it cannot just read information or gather information. It can also execute things and even do complex execution tasks like creating a repository, creating files, creating issues, creating pull requests. MCP allows you to interact with all of these systems. But I want to also show you something that is even more impressive. For example, I just recently found this project here. So I I probably should give it a star. I haven't done this uh already. Okay, so this is the N8N MCP server. So this gives your AI model access to your N8N platform. If you don't know what N8N is, then go and watch some of my other tutorials. It is an absolutely amazing noode uh automation builder where I'm automating many many different tasks like my HomeLab auto updator script that I showed you in my last video. This is completely automating the service and application updates uh for my GitHub repositories. I'm also doing some server health monitoring. I'm even using this to publish a social media posts from my notion database. And of course, I'm also using this to synchronize merge requests from my notion platform to get repositories back and forth. Now, this is really really amazing. But of course, it is still some form a manual process. Like if I am want to work on my home lab automation builder for example and if I'm kind of restructuring things or want to get some suggestions for improvements or evaluate certain things I'm basically left alone because N8N is not a declarative program that is text based where I could easily send some text to an AI model or stuff like that. But the MCP protocol or the MCP server for notion makes this possible. So with the N8N MCP server, an AI model can get access to all the information on your N8 platform and you can do some really amazing things with it. First of all, let's start simple and let us get a list of all of my N8 workflows that I have created. Here you can see all of the details, how many nodes it has, the production text and so on. But it can do much more and can evaluate all of the data or the logics from the actual workflows. When I say can you evaluate the GitLab website MR sync to notion workflow explain what this workflow is actually doing and if there is anything you would improve. Now the warp terminal can use the N8N's MCP server to get all of the details of this workflow and it can even process some of the workflow logics here. So here you can see this workflow synchronizes the merge request of GitLabs events to my notion database homelabs tasks. And here it describes the actual flow, what functions it is using, the task details and the variable fields and names. But it also found some issues or critical errors. And the AI model can even give some recommendation improvements based on all the information that it has gathered from the MCP server. So you can see that your AI model suddenly becomes so much more useful to give some recommendations for troubleshooting for even creating new workflows for something you describe in natural language. And you can even combine this with other MCP servers to say hey for example create an automation pipeline that uses my notion database. Yeah, use the notion MCP server to get information what databases I have, what fields and properties I need to use and something like this. So you can see I already get some ideas that I could use this for to improve my automation workflows. But this was a real eye openener for me and it actually convinced me to use AI more often in my day-to-day workflow. But again, you can tell me your opinion in the comments and if you watch more content for tech and IT nerds, then like and subscribe. That would be really amazing. Thanks everybody for watching. Of course, I will catch you in the next video. And thank you so much for all the supporters and YouTube members. You guys are really amazing. Take care.

=== My BEST N8N HomeLab automations (AI Agents…) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgTkSRM3vI8

Hey guys, this is Christian and today I'd like to show you some of my best N8N HomeLab automation workflows that I recently built. And yes, of course, I've built it with AI agents. But honestly, guys, I'm a little proud of this because I've seen so much sloppy AI content on YouTube, especially about N8N. But I think I found something actually practical and useful for HomeLab automation where AI perfectly fits in. For example, one of my new workflows entirely automates the application service updates, but without breaking anything critical because AI analyzes all of the patch nodes and searches for breaking changes or database migrations. And the second workflow is analyzing all of my servers health and performance data, which even raised some issues and problems that I, as a human, wouldn't have been able to notice at all. So, if you're a DevOps or CIS admin guy and you really want to know how to use AI in a meaningful way for your IT infrastructure automation, then keep watching. This video is going to be interesting for you. By the way, if you're completely new to Noode IT automation and you quickly want to get started with a self-hosted N8N installation that is always up and running, then check out Hostinger, the sponsor of today's video, because Hostinger has a super simple one-click N8N installation on one of their VPS KVM2 servers that you can use to spin up a new N8N instance with unlimited workflows and unlimited concurrent executions within just a few minutes. It is a solid and reliable setup that even supports Q mode. And because it is running on a regular Linux server, you got full control over the environment. In my opinion, Hostinger is a great provider for this because they've got high performance servers with powerful hardware like NVME SSD storage and AMD epic processors across the entire globe, including locations in Germany, France, UK, North and South America or Asia with fast network connections, automated snapshots and backups, and advanced security settings. Now, it's probably the best time ever to get started with Hostinger and one of their KVM2 plans because until the 15th of December, Hostinger has a Black Friday sale where you get an incredible discount on all of their yearly plans. And with my code and link Lamper, you even get an additional 10% off on top. So, definitely check that out right now. Of course, I will put you a link with my discount code in the description box down below. All right, guys. So now let's get started with my new N8N automation workflows. As you can see here, I've already created a bunch of them that I'm by the way actively using and I've already shown some of the basics in my first N8N tutorial. So if you haven't watched that and you're entirely new to NAN then you should definitely check that out first because there I have explained many of the basic things and how to work with this tool like creating the different trigger nodes, how to create and add simple applications, how to convert and transform data using JavaScript expressions. So I'm not explaining each and everything in this one because in today's video I want to take this a bit further and really use some of the sophisticated AI agent tools. Now, before we jump straight into this particular automation flow that I want to show you, let me first uh explain the problem that I had because I really have trouble uh keeping up to date uh with all of my service application updates because honestly, as you can see guys, I'm currently uh running over like 30 different applications in my entire home lab that all include several deployments like compost stacks, kubernetes uh templates, terraform, infrastructure code and whatnot. So there's really a lot of stuff going on in my home lab which is great on the one hand but on the other hand it also adds some heavy burden on me keeping things up to date and what I already have done is in some of the previous videos in my GitLab tutorials especially you might have seen some CI/CD tutorials where I automated some of the deployment applications and I also integrated Renovate which is a small application that can scan all of my Git repositories for any updated dependencies. like a container image that has a newer version and that by itself opens so-called merge requests that tell me when a new version is released for a particular application. For example, here on Git, you can see there is a new container image from version 1.245 to 1.25.1 and it already makes the necessary changes in my deployment files. Now if I would merge this request, my CI/CD pipeline will trigger and will automatically download the new container image and redeploy the application. But I still have to do this one step manually in the process and that is click on merge because I'm actually not a friend of fully automated update because as this might be a minor version it might be a simple and easy task but there are also other upgrades like a Postgress database update that would cause a problem if I would just merge this because there are many applications that access this database so they're dependent on this and also Postgress major update might introduce breaking changes or might introduce some problems and require manual steps for upgrading or migration. So that's why I came up with this system of merge requests and I still have to manually take a look at this if this is a patch note, if this is minor or major version and if there are any problems for my setup and then click on merge. Honestly, it's it's just a pain to manage them all. And I never can keep up to date with this. As you can see, there are even some merch requests sitting here for more than 12 months. Yeah, because I didn't have the time to actually take a look at this. So, I thought this might be a perfect example to automate this because the idea was that if the patch notes are already existing, sometimes they're even uh pulled down from GitHub and are included in the actual merge request here. So, here for example, you can see that Renovates already creates these release notes and adds them in the merge request. So why not just use an AI tool that can read all of these changes and evaluate or assess the risk and impact when this application would be updated and then it could send me a notification if there is something that I actually should take a look at for any of the major updates. But for many of the minor updates or things that don't have any impact at all, it could actually completely automate this process and just merge it automatically. And that's what I've tried to build in N8N. And uh let us take a look at this pipeline. I've called this GitLab homelab auto updator. So this pipeline is executed when a web hook arrives at my NN platform. So here in GitLab, when you go to the project settings and go to web hook, you can see I've created one that will send a web hook request to my N8N platform whenever a merge request event occurs. So that means when Renovate creates a merge request, it will send a small package with all of the details to this N8N platform and it will trigger this automation pipeline where N can read all of the information coming from that merge request. It will execute my pipeline which will run the AI agent that will get the files from my Git repository. So it will read the actual deployments. So it can also read the configuration and the compose files to actually find out if that update would be harmful for me. So it then adds a comment uh with the assessment and some notes and it will send me a message on Discord with something like hey that needs a manual review or if this is an approved change so there is no problem for my setup when the application automatically gets updated and restarted do a squatch merge on this uh merge request which will effectively trigger my CI/CD pipeline afterwards and then it sends me a Discord confirmation message so that I'm aware of hey uh the automation pipeline has done something. Yeah. And I could then also review it if I would want to. But most of the time um I'm trusting this AI agent so that it doesn't do anything bad on my infrastructure which actually works pretty well. But one thing that I have to emphasize at the beginning uh if you're doing these type of automations especially when you rely on AI agents uh it is really important how you're creating the prompts and how you do a proper pre-qualification and a structured output. So that's why I definitely want to take some more time showing you how exactly I've done that. So first of all when the web hook arrives there the web hook arrives with an event of a merge request which by the way does not mean that there is a new merge request. It could also be an update to an existing one or when I manually click on merge and it closes the request it will also send a web hook. So, first of all, we need to do a pre-erequisite checking or pre-qualification because each prompt to an AI model will produce costs depending on how many tokens you need. So, therefore, I'm doing some kind of prerequisite check that checks if the label includes an update because renovate will always use that particular label. So I can also find out if this is coming from renovate auto updating or if I'm doing some other merge requests that don't have anything to do with this uh stuff. And I also check if this is an opening request. So if this is a new request being created or if it's an update. If this is false, it will just ignore this and don't go further the process. But if it is a new merge request with an update, it will send it to the AI agent. So to create AI agents in E8N, it's super simple. You just go here to add a new node, click on AI, uh drag the AI agent here and then it's automatically creating some connected chat trigger mode. So this is an NN. You can use a simple chat uh message to interact with the II model, which I've also seen many people use in the tutorials to demonstrate stuff. But I personally think that chat integration isn't actually practical for our use case because uh we want to automate something on specifically defined prompt and therefore it is important to switch the source of prompt from connected chat trigger mode to define below and you should also switch that to expression because that allows you to add data from previously uh collected nodes or from previously executed nodes into the prompt for the AI. So when you click on this button here it will open up and then you can better edit it. So here for example you can see um I'm always defining this in a markdown format. This is what I found out uh any AI model will understand perfectly and it is important to define or give the AI model as much context as you can because the more context it has the more intelligent or smart decisions it can make and the better your output result will get. Here is the input information, the pull request URL, the pull request title, the author, the description, the target branch, and I've also gave it some assessment instructions. So, step one is verify the source. So, this is like a double check uh which the pre-qualification is already doing, but I think it's important to verify it here as well. Step two is analyze the changes. So identify the dependencies that being updated if this is a patch, minor or major version update and identify any breaking changes mentioned in the change locks or the PR description. Next is impact evaluation. So check the existing deployment files and configs of this project and what impact an automated update would have and then assess the risk level setting this to low, medium or high. uh but I've also gave it some particular instructions that are relevant for my personal environment like breaking changes that don't have an effect on our configuration are accepted but if a service application itself is a database the risk level is always high because I don't want the model to update any database service application like Postgress or Maria DB but for any service applications automated restarts and minor changes are always accepted so I'm totally fine with this system if it would restart a simple I don't know engineext web server or traffic instance that shouldn't be a problem environ in my environment and then step four is making a decision so uh if proof if this is safe to merge automatically review if it requires manual reviewing or if it should be rejected and the next step that is also super relevant is the output format because if you've been working with AI models you know that the answers might be different uh yeah depending on what what you uh define in the prompt and sometimes the response can be something completely different. Yeah, even the assessment in impact evaluation might be different one day or another. That's true. But what is definitely is super important that we always stick to a specific output format and what I personally found the best way to do this is by using JSON. So JSON objects that have a very strict format the AI model always have to follow. Again the more specific you are in your prompt the better the outcome or the result will be. I will show you later how that looks like. But here the decision can be choose from approved needs review or rejected. And it is important that you specifically name these fields here. The best is when you're using upper cases because then you can later in the rules because they depend on these decisions make some if else queries and usually when you define it like this the AI model will stick to these specific names. I completely forgot to show you one of the most important things there the chat model. So here you can add uh a chat model to the AI agent. So here for example you can choose from all of these different models like anthropic Azure Deepc Google Gemini Grock Olama for local integrations or open AI. So I personally as you might have seen uh in some of my earlier videos I'm also running a local LLM. But honestly guys, the more and more I used it and the more I compare it to the results that cloud models uh provide, I have to say that cloud models are in my opinion at least so much superior to the local LLMs. Not only in quality, but also in speed and context. It's actually not that expensive as you might think. So, um, if you're running this pipeline just a few times a day, you might pay to, I don't know, like a few cents to a dollar per day, which is not nothing. Yeah, of course. But, um, compared to what it would take you to run a server that has a powerful GPU for local LLMs and run this 24/7, it actually would be more expensive to run a local L&M because that consumes more power. Again, probably a completely different topic. Let's not uh dive too deep into this. And next thing is that you can connect tools to an AI agent because the AI agent isn't just a simple prompt response. It can use tools to gather and capture the information that it needs to and then it can use that output and send another request until um it has all of the information that it needs to provide the uh output result. Now in my case because uh it is a dependency checking it needs to have some information about my repository. So if it is a change that uh for example a a traffic version change it probably should uh take a look at the files that are here like the compose file for example and see if that's used somewhere in the repository. And the beauty of this is that you don't have to specifically tell the AI what file it should check or what it actually should do with it. you just provide the tool and then it's automatically doing its thing on its own. So you don't have to specifically say what it needs to do. you just um have to define some particular input parameters um like you can say this is a file operation uh get so it gets the data of a single file and the project owner the project name so I know which project name that is that comes from the web hook but other stuff like the file path for example can be automatically defined by the model so the model will figure out what files it will check and Then it is also important to enable this setting here the require specific output format. So this is really necessary because again like I said uh if you don't specify an output format the AI will just provide anything that it currently thinks is the best way to provide it. But if you enable this box you can add another output parser. uh in my case I'm always using the structured output parser by generating from a JSON example. So here you can just uh paste in the JSON example you provided to the LLM. Of course you need to make sure that these uh fields all match. Uh the rest here is actually not that important. So that don't have to match one to one but just the field names these are really important. So when you define this here, N8N will automatically validate if the response that the model gave actually matches our output format otherwise it will produce an error. And then I'm doing a simple switch case. So I will compare the output uh decision if this is needs review or if this is approved and when it needs review it will send a simple discord message with some data that I've parsed from the output of the AI agent model like with a timestamp with a description and I also give this the URL of the merge request. So when I get the message on discord I can just click on that URL and it will open GitLab and it will show me the merge request. So I can directly start working or investigating on this and otherwise if this is approved I will just send a simple squash and merge PR. Uh so this is um I I've not found this here. For example, when you go to GitLab, you can use some predefined actions. Delete a file, edit a file, uh create a release, get a release. But I've not found a squash and merge request. So I've used AI to create a simple um web request with this using a put method using uh my GitLab credentials. Yeah. Then I've used the uh specific parameters below like squash is true and should remove source branch is true. So this will then just merge the request automatically for me. So yeah, that's uh the automation pipeline. Of course, uh you probably want to see some examples how that would look like. Um I've collected a few of them. Uh some of the interesting stuff you cannot reproduce because they always occur when they occur, right? Uh but here is a merge request that I got for search manager, which is a simple TLS certificate management for Kubernetes. And there was a patch note. Uh so you can see this is a super simple nobrainer merge request that I in the past would have to do manually. And these things always happen. Yeah. And when we scroll down here, you can see the comment that the LLM provided. So here you can see the status is approved. Verified renovate PR. Yes. You can see this updates freeert manager container images from this version to that version. There is no breaking change found. It's a simple patch. The service impact is low. Also the risk is low because uh this is a minor patch which implies bug fixes rather than new features or breaking changes and therefore the final recommendation is approve and merge. So that is what happened and uh yeah that automatically gets redeployed and yeah apparently didn't cause any problems but I can also show you a breaking change event here. As you can see, I've not already merged this because I need some more time checking and testing this. And here you can see there are some release notes. And the final assessment is down here with a status needs review because there are breaking changes found. And also there was an API restructuring introduced which changes some of the endpoints which might be a problem somewhere in some environment. This is something the AI probably cannot define on its own. It might try but in such a case um I think it is better to involve human review. Yeah. So therefore the impact is somewhere medium. Yeah. But it still is conservative enough uh to require a manual review. Of course if you want to change this if you want such a medium impact to be merged. Uh anyways uh you can just modify the prompt. For example if the assess risk is just medium then just merge anyways. Yeah. Just notify me if this is high. So you can even still customize and uh test with that. Currently I'm fine with being it a bit more conservative on some of these changes here uh because I'm still in testing phase. But as you can see here that apparently works pretty well. And I think this is already such a major improvement for my workflows as it's saving me so much time so that it can automatically just uh merge these simple and minor version changes. So, I'm at least aware of it, but it doesn't need a manual interaction for like 80% of the merge requests. But yeah, that's it about the updating stuff. I still want to show you the second pipeline because I think AI isn't just for the lazy people like me. Yeah. That just want to automate some stuff they would have to do manually otherwise. It's also super helpful for service monitoring, health checks, so things that you usually don't have time for. And what I personally found to be super cool with this case is that AI helps me to capture and investigate issues that I personally would have overlooked with my human eyes. Yeah, I will show you a very specific example about this. Yeah, this is super cool. But first of all, let me show you this trigger here. So, this is a schedule trigger that runs uh every single day at 8:00 a.m. So, before I start my workday, as I've told you before, I have many, many servers. I have many many applications, things that I need to monitor and stuff like that. And of course, I can't keep an eye on each and everything. Yeah. Especially not every single day. Yeah. So therefore, I have some alerting and notification, service uptime, discovery and stuff like that. But what actually happens to things that you usually don't monitor that you would not get me be notified about like um disk utilization, memory utilization, uh container locks and stuff like that. you would have to create alert rules and thresholds for each and every metric which I guess probably not everybody has especially if you have hundreds of servers in your infrastructure just getting so much noise that you don't really know what's important and what not. So therefore I thought it might be useful to use AI to analyze some of these metrics here and runs a simple maintenance script that will gather all of the important uh container metrics, container locks, uh server metrics and health checks. I will show you the script in a second and then send this information to an AI agent that will check if there are any new issues occurred. So it can also track some of the issues that it has seen before. and then it again sends me a discord message and it will create a new issue or a new um task on my notion database. So here for example, I've also shown you this in a previous video. I'm managing all of my home lab tasks in notion. This is by the way one of the reasons why I'm using notion and not a simple textbased system like Obsidian. Yeah, because here I can do things like API requests. I can connect it to N8N. I can collect data. I can update data. So that's one of the reasons why I'm using this. And as I can see here, it already created some issues that I should be aware of. I also created some manual things here and there. But some of these issues here I've already created with the AI analysis and I've also solved some of these problems with the recommendations. Again, let's uh jump back to N8N and let me show you what happened here. So first of all, again, we'll start with input qualification. Yeah, we need as much context and as much data as we can get to provide enough context to the AI model. And first of all, I want to query all of the open issues in my database. Like all of these things here that are still open and that I'm actively working on so that the AI knows what issues it has found before because otherwise it will just produce all of the same every single day again. So you need some way of filtering what it should create and what not. The aggregating function is important because it will uh merge all of the individual pages into a single list item that I can later send to the LLM as one single variable. And then I'm using one of the new functions in N8N because N8N uh has something that is called data tables. These are like simple Excel data tables or simple MySQL Postgress tables where you can store information. And I'm using this to just store the names of my servers that I want to query. So currently I've only added two, but I could add more if I would want to. But I need to somehow tell the LLM how many servers I have, where it should connect to, and I don't want to modify the prompt all the time. So therefore, I thought it is better to just read it from this database and then use JavaScript expressions to send it to the prompt. So then it is some form of dynamic. If I add something here, I don't need to modify the LLM. And it will loop through all of these items and then execute a command. And more specifically, it will execute the health monitoring script.sh in the working directory. Of course, uh you probably want to see this. Let me just execute this script now. So here you can see it will capture and gather a lot of information about the system like the system information CPU memory load disk utilization partitions over 80% full top processes that are running network statistics running containers yeah with their values their names container resource usage problem containers unhealthy containers error locks from the different containers and other systems You can see there are a few things going wrong here and there and a summary for AI analysis. If you want to take a look at this script, you can see it here. This is simple bash script. Honestly, I've not written any of this myself. I've just used AI to create it. I've used anthropics clots on it 4.5 to generate this and I just tested it a bit, reviewed it. But uh yeah, it took me I don't know like 2 or 3 minutes to create a simple script that will gather all these important metrics. Again, another great use case for AI and then this script will be executed via NN and the output will be sent to the LLM. And here if you take a look at the prompt, you can see the task here. You're an expert Linux system administrator with DevOps engineer analyzing server health reports. So that that's already pretty impressive here. Yeah. Only report issues that are new issues. So compare this with existing ones and analyze the following server health monitoring output and identify issues. Output format. Again, we need to specifically define an output format using JSON because otherwise we're not able to pass the response from the AI. And here I've created some other rules like severity definitions, critical, high, medium, low. Of course, this is also AI generated issue type definitions error and so on. And if no or new persistent issues are found, just responds with an empty array. So I can later pass um in the NAN response if it's empty then do nothing or something like this. Here it's also interesting. So this is existing open issues. This is using the aggregation item. So if I go back for a second, it gets all the database entries from the existing issues in my notion database, aggregates them in one list and then just convert this to a JSON string. So at the end you will see this as a simple JSON object and then it appends the current server health report. So whatever comes back from this shell script here. So then the AI has all information that it needs to make a quick assessment about the server health and any issues that it might find here in the output. And then of course I've again defined the structured output uh JSON schema. So I'm using a split out here. This is important because um the output from the AI model will be just one JSON object. And if you want to use this to iterate over this array to uh create separate database pages, you have to split them out. So you just split out the list and it will create individual elements that are sent to these notes here. So it will create one single element for each issue that the AI responded with and create a new page in the homelab tasks with the assigne. So my name with a creation date with the information from the output, the locks, the recommendation to fix it, the severity. So I can set a priority based on the AI assessment and the server name and the service what that looks like. You can see here and again I will show you some very specific examples. So of course um you can find some major issues or some some lower severity issues. Sometimes you also get false positives. I don't want to say this is the perfect solution to to administrate your server without you actually having to do something. So I still think you need manual confirmation or manual investigation of these issues. But for example, if I search for traffic port missing here. So this is something that came from the response of the script. So I can show you this is the particular response here. Uptimekuma I think it was uptimekuma here. this error message here uh uptime kuma port one error port is missing. So this comes from the traffic reverse proxy container. Yeah. So this is an error message. Uh maybe I know what this is, maybe not. Yeah. But if I go back to the uh notion, you can see that the AI model provided the error message but also a recommendation. For example, here define the backend service port for uptime Kuma in traffic. And it also tells me which service on which server was affected. You could see this here server pro one and the service is traffic. So it already solved this issue for me. Uh I only have to go into the git repository at the label and redeploy the service and it's and it's done. This is a simple issue and therefore it gave it low priority. So this is nothing dangerous or critical but it is a problem that I can easily solve without having to investigate this myself. And another thing that I found super super interesting is uh this here Prometheus excessive egress traffic. This is something I once I saw that I was wondering where the heck does that come from because I didn't see this in any error lock. There was no uh service being degraded. Everything worked perfectly fine. But it still raised this as high priority. And I was wondering why. But if you take a closer look at this, what happens here is the net IO, so the network interface input and output send over 300 GB. That is super interesting. Uh once I took a closer look at this, I noticed that this comes from here. And here you'll find the net IO, which you can see usually is pretty low. Yeah, because these containers don't send much data to communicate with each other. But that is something that completely fell out of place. So this Prometheus container somehow received so much traffic that I think this doesn't seem normal. And why I'm so excited about this is just the fact that you as a human network administrator or human CIS admin, you probably would have not noticed this, right? Unless you have specifically defined some threshold values or if you would have been um monitoring Graphana dashboards all day. But I think the chance is pretty high that you overlook something like this. Yeah. So anonymies or metrics that feel out of place. And this is where AI is just superior for. It can just notice these differences much better than a human can do. And therefore I think this is super practical and helpful because just imagine this would happen in a production environment. For example, you're being affected by a DNS spoofing attack or you accidentally have created an open relay and you would not notice it, right? I think this is where AI perfectly fits in. But yeah, so these are the workflows that I have created. And guys, I can just say that I'm super impressed with this and I will search for more use cases where I could use N8N or especially AI automation in my home lab to help me fixing problems, help me uh do tasks more efficiently. And if you found that useful, if you found that interesting, then please let me know in the comments of this video. If you want to follow up with the discussion, if you have um other use cases that I should take a look at, then also connect with me over Discord. And as always, thank you so much for watching. Thanks for all the people supporting me on Patreon or on YouTube members. You guys are amazing. And of course, I will catch you in the next video tutorial. Take care everybody. Bye-bye.

=== How to run Traefik in Docker Swarm? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg-rL7n_t-A

Hey guys, this is Christian and in this video I'm going to show you how to run traffic, my absolute favorite reverse proxy and load balancer in Docker Swarm. This is the setup for production ready high available load balancing with trusted TLS certificates for all of your applications in Docker Swarm. But I have to be honest with you guys, it wasn't an easy task because when I first tried to combine traffic in Docker Swarm, I ran into some practical challenges. for example, how do you handle and maintain a consistent configuration across all of the different nodes or how do you store tier certificates and also what happens when the node where traffic is running goes down. Today I'm going to show you how exactly I've solved all of these problems following two different approaches. So, one that is a bit simpler and in my opinion perfect for smaller home labs and setups using local Docker volumes and another one that is truly production ready with zero single points of failure using shared storage. Plus, to make your life easier, I've built all of this using my new boiler plates CLI tool so you can generate everything, the Docker Compost stack and all of the traffic configuration files with proper security settings in just a few commands. Now before we jump right in, I also want to mention that if you're managing containers, clusters, and maybe other infrastructure services in your environment, it is also important to monitor all of these systems and get notified about any bottlenecks or problems. So that's why you definitely should use Czechm, the sponsor of today's video. Czechm is a comprehensive IT monitoring platform that is scalable, automated, and highly extensible. With over 2,000 maintained plugins, it can monitor nearly all of your network components across all the different manufacturers, and it has many advanced capabilities like auto discovery with preconfigured thresholds and rules, custom plugins. The features are just insane. And furthermore, it creates stunning visualizations, has a dynamic dashboard with logs [music] and event monitoring that really allows you to drill into all of the details and get sophisticated alerts and notifications. It is really super cool. I'm personally using the free and open source raw edition of Czechm in my home lab which I already did some videos on. So check them out if you like. And if you want to use Czechm for your company's infrastructure to monitor your production systems, they have many options to deploy a self-hosted solution or use their cloud service offerings. Of course, I will put your link to Czechm and my tutorials [music] in the description box down below. All right, so before we start setting up traffic in Docker Swarm, let me quickly recap what we've done in the past and what are some of the challenges that I needed to solve. So a few videos back, I showed you how to set up traffic on a single Docker instance. So we got TL certificates for HTTP and HTTPS reverse proxying for local applications and services. And we also covered how to store the TLA certificates in a persistent Docker volume as well as mounting the configuration files and connecting let's encrypt and it really worked great. Yeah, for a single server of course. So then in another video I showed you how to set up a Docker Swarm cluster. So that brings high availability and some other advanced capabilities. But we are also facing a few challenges with this because as you might have learned from my Docker Swarm tutorial, local Docker volumes are only persistent on that one Docker host where they are created and they are not automatically replicated in the cluster such as the configs or secrets are. So that's a problem we need to solve. And also what actually happens when we deploy traffic on one of the Docker hosts and that one Docker host goes down. How can we make sure that there is always a traffic instance on each docker host running? So we will also take a closer look at that. To tackle these challenges, there are two different possible setups. So there is one with local docker volumes on a single node. We're just deploying a traffic instance on one of the docker hosts and we can use the docker overlay network to connect that one traffic instance to any application in the entire cluster. That is really a great setup in smaller home lab environments where you might not have a shared storage volume. The only downside this setup has is when the node one goes down, so the node where traffic is running, we can't access any other applications in our cluster even if they might be running on the other two remaining nodes. So if you really want to have a reliable and solid production ready setup, you have to do it this way. You need a shared volume on all of the nodes. And that for example you can achieve with an NFS server. So that can be a truness or an unrated server that is somewhere running outside of the docker cluster where you switch the deployment mode of your stack from replicated to global. So that means that the docker swarm cluster will make sure that each of the docker node has one instance of that container running. So that [snorts] traffic is running on all of the hosts and when one of these goes down the applications might be restarted on the other remaining nodes but the traffic instance is always up and running. So these are the two deployment methods that at least in my humble opinion make the most sense. It is up to you what you plan to use. If you want to have a more sophisticated setup for true high availability or if you are okay in your small home lab that you might need to restart a docker host that is again up to you and how complicated you want this setup to be. Now, if we take a look at the traffic documentation, honestly guys, I'm not the biggest friend of the traffic documentation because there's a lot of different fragmented areas. It has improved uh a lot in the past. Yeah, don't get me wrong. But of course, it is a quite complicated setup with many different things you need to keep in mind. And traffic in general is in my opinion not a really intuitive solution. So it really takes some time to get up to speed and to understand all the things that you need to set up and how they work in combination, especially on Docker Swarm. So that's why I thought instead of just going through this documentation, I'm going to create my own boiler plate that is like a template that contains all of the best practices and things that we're covering in my tutorial. And you can use my newly created boilerplate CLI tool to easily create a docker compos template for traffic running on a single node server or on docker swarm uh using the one or another deployment method. It is completely up to you. It's it's highly customizable and flexible and you can use this with a oneline command that you can just copy from my git repository of course link in the description. put this in the terminal and that will install the latest version of the boiler plates tool and then we can use this to create a new deployment docker compos file for traffic. Now let's take a closer look at how that tool actually works. Once you have installed that you can just execute it with boiler plates. Always make sure to make a repo update before. So that will download and synchronize the latest versions of the boiler plates templates with my git repository. And then you can just use the compose list command to get a list of all the boilerplate templates that I've uh created for docker compose. So here uh we find traffic. Again this is using the latest schema 1.1. I probably update this in the near future when I include more features in the boiler plates. And here you can create preconfigured u versions of the traffic compost stack including authentic middleware presets and also make this ready for dockers one. Okay. So let's now take a closer look at what are the actual files that it creates and the variables we can use to customize this template. Now first of all it creates a bunch of different files like some environment variables and environment secret variable that later contains our token for the DNS challenge that is necessary to get trusted TLS certificates from let's encrypt and it creates a compos file. So depending on whether you are using Docker Swarm or Docker standalone, it will generate this file with preconfigured settings and it will also create a static configuration file for traffic. So this is where you configure your general settings and it also creates some placeholders for dynamic configuration files. So where you can add your middlewares, your routers and service definitions and also put that in a config directory. In Docker Standalone that just gets mounted through the config files. In Docker Swarm, we are creating Docker configs that are created automatically from the content uh that is in these config files. And of course, I also enabled some preconfigured settings like enabling or disabling the dashboard, enabling or disabling access lock, Prometheus metrics, and I even added some preconfigured security settings. So, I really try to add as most of the reasonable configuration settings that I've explained in some of my older tutorials and put them all together in one comprehensive template where you can easily enable or disable certain flags and that will uh automatically put the necessary configuration values in the actual files. So, first of all, let me show you the test setup that I have created for this. I've deployed three new virtual machines where I installed the Docker engine and connected them to a Docker Swarm cluster. All of them are managers and I'm not running any containers or service applications. I can also show you the networks. This only has the default ingress overlay network from Docker Swarm and the default bridge networks that you might be familiar with. So this is really a newly created Docker Swarm cluster where we want to deploy traffic. All right. So now let's start generating a new template with the boiler plate generate command then the name of the boiler plate or the template that we want to create. And now we can also add a project directory. I'm just going to put this in the temporary uh traffic single node directory. So this is uh what we will use for the uh single node deployment. And this again prints out all of the variables and the files again and ask if we want to customize any of these settings. You can see by default this template will work great in a standalone docker container. So with just docker compose up on a single docker host but of course we can customize all of these variables enable tls settings and enable docker swarm. So let's go through all of these options one by one together. So let's say yes. I'm not going to uh customize the service container or internal host name here. Just go with the default. set my container time zone and the container lock level that I want to use. I think info is fine and the restart policy unless stopped also should be fine. Now the HTTP and HTTPS port you should not need to customize because uh usually we want to use the default port 80 and 4 for free and the traffic dashboard is by default running on port 8080. Note this is only used when the dashboard is enabled. I personally would not recommend you to do that if you haven't protected this with a strong authentication. Now the next thing that is important to set is the traffic network name. My boiler plate will also automatically create an overlay network that is attachable. So that means you can attach other projects or other container stacks to that docker network and then the traffic reverse proxy will automatically be connected with all the applications running on the same swarm cluster no matter on which node they are running on. So this is really important to connect the traffic reverse proxy and all your other application deployments to the same docker network. All right, so long story short, let's continue with the default value. the uh name of the HTTP entry point. I'm always using web. I've seen other tutorials use different names, but that's what it's probably the most common one. Now, if you're attaching the uh traffic reverse proxy or the compost stack to an existing Docker network, then you can enable this here. But if you follow the default values, it will create a new network and manage this in that compos stack that we're creating. Now, uh of course, I don't want to enable the traffic dashboard. Again, don't use this in production unless you have uh specifically protected this. And here you can also enable the traffic access lock. Whenever somebody accesses this reverse proxy, it will um it will lock this as a new entry depending on what was the HTTP status code and so on. This produces many many locks, but if you need them, if you want to have more granular control over who is actually accessing what URL on your reverse proxy, you can enable this access lock. By the way, I'm also thinking about some upgrades to the boilerplate CLI tool for advanced Prometheus metrics configuration. So, uh in the current implementation, you can enable this to enable a /metrics endpoint. And uh here you can also uh decide if you want to create production ready security headers middleware file. So, this enables HSTS, XSS protection, frame denial and some other stuff. We will later go through some of these headings. So, you can enable this. it will just generate a new middleware in the configuration. It doesn't automatically attach this to your service applications. And now we want to decide if uh we want to enable HTTPS with TLS and the AGMA protocol. Of course, this is probably the most critical setting why you want to use uh my templates. Yes, of course I want to do this. Name this to web secure. And now we can uh give the certificate resolver a name. Now this is also using the same variable names as the other boiler plates use. I will set this to Cloudflare, but you can customize it. And here is the DNS challenge provider. Now, currently I'm only supporting Cloudflare as I said in the beginning. If you want me to add another one, just raise it as an issue on GitHub. But currently, this is the only thing that's supported. And now we can add the DNS provider API token. By default in Cloudflare, this is your personal access token. I think I've explained this multiple times, but just in case you haven't followed my traffic tutorial. Then just go to your profile, go to API tokens, and then create a new API token with the zone DNS template. And then you also need to add your email address. In my case, I'm using info creative.de. And now you can also enable a redirection rule. So this definitely would be recommended in production to redirect all HTTP traffic to HTTPS to prevent that any of the users is accidentally using an unencrypted HTTP connection because without a redirection rule this would be possible. And also the next setting is quite important for security. This is enforcing TLS 1.2 as the minimum version. So I think we're now at TLS 1.3 which adds maximum security features but not all backend services and not all clients are using or supporting this. So it definitely you would enforce TLS 1.2. If you enforce TLS 1.3 it might be that some older laptops or some older phones are not able to connect to your traffic instance. So therefore um the default setting should be fine. just if you want to enforce the highest security possible then you can switch it to TLS1 free if you want. Now what I also would recommend you to do uh I haven't enabled this by default because in the past it caused some problems in some very rare edge cases but in general it is also recommended to use strict cipher switches for TLS. Now if there are older devices that might not support this or older backend services you might have to disable this. Sometimes for backwards compatibility it might cause problems but in general it is recommended so that you're not accidentally using unsecure ciphers when you're initiating the TLS handshake with the clients. There's also another setting skip TLS verification for backend servers. And now this is only relevant if you're running applications inside your Docker Swarm cluster. So behind the traffic reverse proxy that are using HTTPS uh connections but are using selfsigned certificates by default. I'm not enabling this because it might be a security risk. So should not be best practice. All right. And now comes the most important setting for this tutorial. This enables the Docker swarm mode. Of course, we want to enable this otherwise it will generate a standalone Docker compos. And here comes the important part for our first setup. So this is really important um to change if you want to go with the single node setup or with the global setup. By default I've set this to replicated. So that means it will create a specific number of replicas of traffic inside your uh dockers cluster and by default the number is one. So that means it will create one traffic instance in the entire cluster. And you can with the target host name placement constraint specifically define on which host [snorts] you want this traffic instance to be created on. Note this is really important because if you don't set this it might happen that your traffic instance is restarted on another Docker host that does not have the same Docker volume for the TLS store. I think in case of traffic it's not that dramatic honestly but it is not really best practice. So therefore I think it is necessary to pin that to a specific host. And then we want to configure the swarm volume storage back end. By default it is always local. So uses a local docker volume. In case we're using a shared volume later we have to customize this option. But now uh we will just run with the defaults. And now we can also customize the docker swarm secret name. So where the API token that we've uh added here is stored in. Actually it's not really that uh important to change this name. only if you're using this name for another secret value, you have to change it obviously. And um here you can also enable an authentic middleware when we used the free and open source identity provider authentic and uh combined this with a traffic reverse proxy. So then you can enable the authentic SSO integration. So this will just generate the middleware um connected to your authentic outpost. If you're not using authentic, just ignore this. Um, if you're interested in it, again, refer to my authentic tutorial. So, there I've explained everything. Okay. So, now at the end, we get a summary of what files are being created by the boiler plates tool. I know there's was a lot here, but um I tried to make the boiler plates as customizable as possible by still enforcing or preconfiguring some reasonable values. And before I deploy this to my docker swarm cluster. Let's have a quick run through uh the files that have been created. So here you can see we're creating a new traffic uh service. We're exposing the port 80 and 4 for free in swarm. This will be um exposed as an ingress port exposure. So this is using the docker swarm's internal load balancing feature is quite nice. Then we are creating a new docker volume for the traffic certificate storage and we are including thev file. So that really just contains the name of the CF API token file where the actual secret is located in. And then I'm also attaching four configs. So Docker configs that are automatically created here from the content of these files here. So in the project directory and when we take a closer look at these config files. So here's the general traffic configuration where the email address and the uh DNS challenge for the certificate resolver is um configured as well as the TLS ciphers that have been enabled by this setting here. And I also configured two providers here. the swarm provider not exposing any services by default connected to the proxy overlay network which is by the way managed in this compos file here so here you can see it will create this overlay network as attachable all right and then I'm also adding another provider so that will automatically watch any dynamic configuration files into this directory so this is where the other files uh passed through when you take a look at the middleware file so this is adding the middleware security headers that enable some security settings. You can just add to any applications using the traffic labels and some placeholders for adding uh custom routers for external services, whatever you want to use this for. And I also added a simple health check uh using a ping request. And of course um here you can also see the docker swarm deployment options. the mode is replicated with one replica and the name constraint is set to host name VM test one. So let's go into the um temporary file directory. So where everything is located. You can see I'm connected to my uh test environment and currently there's nothing running. So let's start deploying this. Now in docker standalone mode you will just uh use docker compose up but of course if you're using docker swarm if you've watched my swarm tutorial you will use this stack deploy command set a specific compos file this is needed otherwise it will not work and then give this a name something like traffic single node I think that's fine right so here it will create the necessary resources like the proxy network the secret the config uh the docker configs and the service and with docker stack ls we can see the stack is up and running. Let's also execute docker service ps uh sorry it's docker service ls and then docker service ps we have to use the name of that of course you can see it's replicated one replica is up and running in our cluster but just to get some more details about what's happening here you can see the docker container is running on vm test one so if we would execute docker ps we would not see anything because I'm connected to the uh docker context on server two. Actually, if we open an SSH connection to the first server and then execute a docker ps, we should see docker containers created. It's also healthy. So, that means the ping request works. So, all should be good. And yeah, let's uh run a simple HTTPS connection on the IP address uh page not found. This is by the way coming from the traffic reverse proxy. So um here you can see the traffic default certificate is the issue of the TLS certificates on that location. So that means yes we are definitely reaching the traffic service. And what I also want to show you what is pretty cool if you're uh if you're running docker service ps you can see that the traffic reverse proxy is currently only started on that one server. But what happens uh if we ping the IP address of the second node for example so it's the 10.2030 uh4 and if we also make a curl request to that you can see that this still gets us the traffic default certificate. So even though we are deploying the traffic container on just one docker node in the cluster, we can still access this by any IP address of the cluster. So that actually means you don't have to run traffic in your cluster multiple times. It's enough to run this one instance of traffic somewhere and you can still achieve high availability with this. And let me also demonstrate how that would work uh to connect multiple service applications. Again, if we return to the boiler plates, it would be nice to just deploy the who am I uh boiler plates. So, this is just a very simple test container that is uh used by traffic to verify that this is working. This is just deploying a very simple docker compose project with just one docker compos file. But you can still automatically add uh swarm mode and traffic TLS and traffic labels to this just to test how this would work. Yeah. And uh let's also generate a new boilerplate for who am I in the /temp who am I directory. Yeah. So let's do this and let's customize some of these settings here. All right. Just assume this would be a production ready application that we want to deploy. Yeah. Uh let's just use the default values for the hosting the restart policy and stuff like that. Now comes the important part um that we want to connect this to the proxy network. So this is the name of the traffic network, the overlay network that we've created. So now we want to set the domain name for our application. Of course, we're not using local host, but uh we can use any name that we uh created on our DNS server. So in my case, I created one that is who am I.Crave. So making sure that we're using trusted TLS certificates and the certificate resolver name is Cloudflare. So now this variable name matches with uh the traffic template variable as well. And because we're using docker swarm, we also need to deploy this container as a swarm stack because if you remember in the traffic configuration file that we've created um I didn't enable the docker provider here. I enabled the swarm provider. So that means we cannot expose standalone containers with this template. Actually there is a trick to enable it if you enable docker provider here and configure it. You can check this in the documentation and this is kind of possible. So you can run traffic itself in docker swarm but you can expose standalone containers if they are attached to the same proxy network. It will work. However, it will also generate a warning inside the traffic locks and I think it is not really uh a best practice or supported uh deployment methods. So, if you're running traffic in Docker Swarm, just assume that you can also only expose swarm services and not standalone containers. Yeah, it is technically possible but it's probably not recommended. All right, so yeah, that's about that. So, yes, enable swarm mode. And now I want to place this uh I want to run this as replicated uh with one replica of course but I want to target um another host name for example VM test 2 just to demonstrate how it would work on a single node deployment with traffic running on VM test one and our application container running on VM test 2. Okay. So let's generate these files and then let's go into this directory. I think uh I've used who am I as the name. Oh yeah. And this is our compose file. You can see this just generates a very very simple uh test container but it has our deployment configuration for Docker Swarm running on VM test 2 and it also has attached the traffic labels that are necessary to expose this with our swarm reverse proxy. And of course I've also attached it to the proxy network the overlay network where traffic is running. These are the important parts that you need. And then you can just use docker stack deploy compose.ml. Of course, I want to use a different name. Uh just use who am I? I think that's fine. And then it's creating the service. All right. So now let's just run docker stack ls. There we have our reverse proxy, our application container. And now of course it's also important that you have set the DNS name uh and point this to the IP address of any of the nodes in the cluster. So here you can see that's the IP address of the VM test one server. So where the traffic reverse box is running but actually it's not important which of the IP addresses you choose. And then if we open a connection here you can see it's moved permanently. So that's probably the redirection to the HTTPS location. So let's follow this. Sometimes it can take a few seconds or maybe up to a minute or two until the certificate is issued by the traffic reverse proxy. Uh let's just try to do it again. And oh yeah, so now you can see the connection is working and that should have a trusted TLS certificate. So when we are opening the verbose mode, we should see some of the details here. You can see that we're using TLS 1.3. The minimum version was configured to 1.2, but as this is an updated uh client and the reverse proxy is up to date, it uses automatically the highest uh version possible. And also one of the most secure ciphers that the server and the client both support. You can also see the uh subject of the certificate who mihome.creative.de And this is a trusted TLS certificate that was issued by let's encrypt. So the AKMA protocol is working. We get real certificates and also the connection from the traffic reverse proxy running on server one to the application running on server 2 is also working because both are connected to the same Docker overlay network. All right. And that is basically how you run this very simple setup that you can use to achieve high availability and load balancing in your uh home lab using just a single instance of traffic in your docker swarm cluster. However, as you told in the beginning of this video that has a small downside and this is if we would shut down the server VM test one where traffic is actually running. I can just demonstrate this to you. When I just open an SSH connection and shut down this server and then we try to connect again, you can see this is not working anymore. It's running into a timeout. How to achieve the second setup with a shared volume? So where we store the TLS certificate onto a separate NFS server and deploy traffic on all three nodes in the cluster so we can actively achieve high availability. All right. So first of all we have to remove the traffic uh stack. So that will again not work because there is an application connected to the proxy overlay network. So you first of all need to make sure that all the services using this proxy network are down. So we need to remove the who am I stack as well and only then we can remove the uh traffic signal node stack so that there's nothing running anymore on that uh cluster. All right, let's return to the boiler plates and let's generate another uh deployment a file of traffic, but now let's set the name to global. I will just rush through the first items here because we've covered them before. Just use the same settings. So here comes the difference. Uh now we need to switch the placement mode from replicated that is the default to global. Again as I have explained this in the beginning, replicated means it will uh create a specific number of replicas in your entire cluster. So it will try to balance depending on the CPU and memory load of the swarm nodes on which node to put the replicated service on. If you switch to global, it will always make sure that there is one instance of the server on each docker swarm node in the cluster. So if we have three nodes in the cluster, it also gets us free traffic instances. So now again for this we need a shared volume. Therefore I added an option here to change the local volume to a mount point. This could be a shared volume using a seph uh connected uh mount point or whatever. Or you can use NFS. When using NFS you need to put in the IP address of the NFS server. In my case it is 10.20.0.7 which is by the way the unrated uh NAS that I'm running in my home lab. and it has a shared uh volume under mount user app testing. Make sure that this uh directory exists on the NFS server otherwise it might run into some issues and uh then you can also customize the mount options and yeah so the API token name I think that's that's fine and authentic we don't need this as well. All right so now the files are stored in here. Uh let us just take a look at the global directory and open and open this in VS code. So again this is actually very similar to the previous setup. Instead it uses the deployment mode global and uses a configuration for creating an NFS volume uh inside the docker swarm cluster. Ah yeah okay it's adding NFS version 4. So I haven't made this optional yet because I think NFS version 4 is yeah actually the most recommended but all the other stuff should actually be exactly the same. So we can just return here uh I think that's correct. Yes. And then just deploy the compos stack to the traffic global right okay so that should work and of course we also need to redeploy the who am I container. Okay. So, uh let's uh quickly check if the stacks are up and running. Yes. And if the services are up and running. Yes. So, here you can see a difference between the first deployment and the second one. If we take a look here, you can see that there are three replicas actually running. On each of the nodes is one instance of the traffic container running. And of course, we can check if we can still connect to this. Uh again it probably takes uh some time until the certificate is issued. So yeah we got the trusted TLS certificate. So now uh let me also demonstrate what happens when I shut down the first node. Again the one problem that we still have is that when we try to connect to this service although there is a separate traffic instance running on VM test two and three and the application container is running. The problem that we are now facing is the connection is still initiated to the first IP address only. And that is uh the reason for this is that I've set or configured the DNS name for who am I.Crave. My local DNS server to only resolve to the first IP address. So when I go to my DNS project, you can see that this is a DNS record. It still only has this one IP address. But if we start adding the other IP addresses to that as well. So then we still get a connection from at least one of these IP addresses where traffic is running. Now this way you can have a reliable and truly high available deployment of traffic reverse proxy on docker swarm. Now, there's still one more thing that I need to address at the end. And these are the final thoughts or my ideas for future videos because this might introduce uh some problems if it still resolves the IP address of a node that is down and it still tries to connect to that IP address. Now in our case we are just picking a different IP address but if it would connect to this IP address we would still run into a timeout and uh it might uh take some time until the client tries to connect to a different IP address and that still is a problem. So although the traffic reverse proxy setup is truly high available, our Docker Swarm cluster is not. This requires an an additional video about keeper lifed because I think otherwise it would be too much for this one tutorial. However, I still hope that it helped you to get a reliable and truly high level setup of traffic running in Docker Swarm. And if you really want to make this production ready, you can now use an external load balancer to check if these nodes are up and running and route the incoming client requests to the online servers or you're using a floating IP address with something like keeperd. But again, we'll cover that in a future video. All right, guys. So, now it's your turn. Please tell me, did you like this video? Did it help you? And what do you think about the boilerplate CLI tool? By the way, I would really love to hear your opinion about this. And if you feel this is a promising project that helps you to get up to speed quickly. And then also consider supporting this or at least give it a star on GitHub. That always helps. And thank you so much for watching. Thanks a lot to the people supporting this project already. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video tutorial. So, have a nice day, guys. Take care.

=== Block stupid Ads and manage DNS // Pi-hole Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2QgG0Z8KqY

Hey guys, it's Christian and today we're taking a look at how to block stupid ads and manage DNS in your home network with Pi Hole. I just recently deployed this in my home network. And guys, I can just tell you Pi Hole is absolutely incredible. It's an easy to use networkwide ad and internet tracker blocker that protects all of your devices in the network from unwanted content without having to install anything on the client devices itself. So that means it works on all of your computers, all of your laptops, your phones, and even smart TVs. And it is super small and efficient. This thing runs on any device, just like a small Raspberry Pi, but of course also on all of your Linux- based HomeLab servers. And it provides you an easy to use web interface with statistics about all of the DNS queries with DNS configuration options and even DHCP functionality. And the best, it is free and open source. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how to easily deploy Pi Hole to your Docker host or Swarm cluster with optional traffic reverse proxy integration so you can get rid of any ads and trackers for all of the devices in your entire network. I think that sounds pretty interesting, right? So, let's take a look together. Before we do that though, I quickly like to show you how you can easily manage all of your tech and app projects because if you're juggling around with different tasks and projects like me at the same time, you can lose track pretty fast. So, that's why you should definitely use monday.com, the intuitive all-in-one work platform where you can collaborate efficiently with a team, manage complex projects, and even automate repetitive tasks. You can easily create to-do lists with next actions that you're planning, or create custom fields with additional notes, manage priorities or plan timelines. If you know me, guys, I absolutely love the Canv style. So, that gives you a perfect overview of all of this stuff that's going on. But of course, you can also do some pretty advanced stuff like connecting different boards and adding dependencies between the [music] tasks. It is really super cool. And of course, it doesn't only work for your personal projects. Actually, it gets more interesting to use such a platform when you're managing projects in a team. You can start with a free plan that gets you up to two seats with free boards, unlimited docs, and eight column types, which is great for smaller projects. But you can also upgrade to other plans to increase the features and capabilities of monday.com to automate coordinating emails, sending out files and Slack messages, and organize your team's projects and collaborate effectively. To easily get started, check out monday.com. Of course, I've put your link to this in the description box down below. All right. So now let's get started with Pi Hole. First of all, it might be interesting for some of you to know how it actually works. And to understand this, we need to talk a little about DNS and DNS black holes. If you're already familiar with how DNS works, then bear with me for a moment here because I just need to make sure that everybody is on the same page. But I'll make it quick. Yeah. So DNS, the domain name system, is essentially the phone book of the internet. So when you type in a website's address in your browser, like Christian. Your device doesn't actually know where this website lives and which server to connect to. So, it needs to convert that human readable name into an IP address to establish a connection. And here is how that normally works. Your device just sends out a DNS request, a DNS query on port 53 to your DNS server. That is usually the DNS server that gets configured by your DHCP server on the network which might either be provided by your ISP or by a public DNS service like Cloudflare or Google depending on what you have configured. Then that server responds with the IP address of that website and the device connects to that address to load it and this happens constantly in the background. Yeah. for every website that you visit. And every website itself might contain additional elements from other sources as well that need to be resolved, including legitimate ones like images or scripts that are loaded from other locations. But also, every tracker, every advertisement block usually has its own DNS name because it's coming from a different server than the original website. And your devices are making hundreds or thousands of DNS queries every single day to load every part of the website that is included. And now here comes the interesting point where Pi Hole jumps in. Because when you configure Pi Hole as your primary DNS server, it starts intercepting all these DNS queries, Pi Hole checks the requested domain against its blacklist. So which is basically just a massive database of known advertising and tracking domains. And if the domain is on such a block list, then Pi Hole doesn't forward that query to an upstream DNS server. Instead, it responds immediately with a null address, typically 0.0.0.0, which is also called a black hole, where the original DNS query from your device disappears into a black hole. So, basically telling your device, hey, this domain doesn't exist or it points to nowhere. Now, this sounds really great as it would be the best option to block any ads and trackers. And yeah, it is a great technology. However, the crucial thing to understand here is that this happens at the very beginning of the network processing. So even before any HTTPS or HTTP connection from your device is established. So Pi Hole is making the blocking decisions based purely on the domain names not on the actual content that's being served. And this actually comes with a few advantages. Yeah. Such as speed improvements because your device is making less requests and less connections to load a website. You will by the way notice that some websites even load faster than before. However, it also has a few downsides because first of all, these lists need to be highly accurate and of course up to-date. Otherwise, you will run into false positives or false negatives where some elements of the website don't actually load or some advertisements aren't blocked because that domain isn't updated on these public lists. But it also is not able to block everything because bigger services like YouTube, a very prominent example, will load trackers and advertisements from the exact same domain as the rest of the content, which is the main reason why Pi Hole isn't able to block advertisements in YouTube videos. So, it isn't a silver bullet for everything, but I think it's blocking like 90 95% of all the ads of any websites that I've at least seen. So it is better than nothing to have pi hole in place. Now excuse me for the long introduction but I thought it might be interesting to know how the technology works uh to get a better understanding of the capabilities and also the limitations of this program and then you can make a better decision if you want to use it or not. But just like I said in the beginning, I recently deployed this in my home lab network because I thought it might be good to have some better statistics and some better insights into the DNS queries and literally just have more control about what's going on. And of course, it's also blocking 95% of the stupid ads and trackers without having to install anything on all of my devices. So, you actually don't need any browser extension like ad block or something like that. And you can just install this thing on nearly every device that's running in your home lab. I think if you're watching or following this channel, you're pretty familiar with how that actually works. You might have a HomeLab server in place. Maybe you're just starting out and you want to run this thing on a small Raspberry Pi that's just running 24/7. Uh but yeah, uh you mainly have all the options to deploy this anywhere you want. Yeah, on the official website pihole.net, I'll put you that in the description as well. Um here it is explained how to install this thing on any supported operating system. There's even a docker compose template that you can start with, but of course you can customize several things here and there if you want to deploy this to docker swarm or if you want to integrate this with your traffic reverse proxy. It's getting more and more complicated to create these templates here. But I've got a super simple solution that I just want to show you. Of course, we're using my newly created boilerplate CLI tool that you can easily just download from my Git repository with this one simple command script. So just run this on your Linux or Mac uh device. You can also use this on WSL2 for example. And then you can use the boiler blades command to start creating a docker compos template that is really tailored to your specific environment where it's automatically adding all the labels and the configuration settings. I'm just going to show this to you. So let's open a new terminal. I'm going to create this in a new project directory. Now, by the way, if you were using the boiler plates before, you need to upgrade to the latest version 0.07 that I just released. This will add functionality that the new Pi Hole variables and Pi Hole templates is needing. So, with the boiler plates compose show Pi Hole command, you can get a a deeper look at the template and what files are being created by it. So, here you have several configuration options. I just want to go through this with you by just creating a super simple uh boiler plate with just the default configuration. So let's just execute generate pi hole. This will again print out all of the enabled variables and the default settings that I have configured for you. And then we can start customizing them as well. So first of all you can configure the service name from Pi Hole to Pi Hole test one for example or something else. can set the container name. That is only relevant if you're not using Dockers one, by the way. Set your type zone. This is also pretty important for any DNS or NTP functionality. Then you can customize the user and group ID. By default, it is set to 1,000 if you have multiple users on your server. And of course, you can customize the container restart policy unless stopped uh is I think the best default setting. And here I've added a variable for the web interface admin password. when you don't enter a password, it will autogenerate a secure random password uh from the templates and put this password into the envi hole and invse files in here. So, make sure to exclude these two files from your repositories. I'm just going to hit enter to autogenerate a new password and then we can decide the docker network mode. In the newer versions of the boiler plates CLI tool, I make this mandatory because uh now the Docker network mode can be changed to different values. If you're not familiar with the network modes, how they work in Docker and if you don't need DHCP functionality, you can completely ignore this. So I just created this template this way to make it yeah expandable or customizable so to speak. But I personally I don't want to enable DHCP functionality on my Pi Hole instance because I just want this for DNS. I just want this for add and tracking blocking. But just know that in this mode DHCP will not work. Now it still creates a new Docker network called Pihole network. If you want to customize the name feel free to enter something else. And if you want that to be connected to an external network, so a docker network that is managed somewhere else, you can enable the external flag for docker network to connect this to an existing one. All right. So now we come to the port uh part and that's kind of interesting because you need four ports for a pi hole. So if you're using bridge mode, then you can expose the HTTP port on a separate port than the default port 80 and the HTTPS port on something else like the default port 4 for free. And then it's also exposing the default DNS port 53 on both TCP and UDP and also the NTP port. So for the time uh service on the port 1 2 3. So you can customize these values but I would definitely not recommend you to change the default DNS port because on your devices you usually cannot configure this DNS port. Now you can also enable traffic if you want. Again, this will allow you to protect the um internal HTTP servers with trusted TLS certificates. I suppose you've watched some of my traffic videos. If you haven't, you can check them out. I'll put your link in the description. But in this example, I don't want to enable it. And I also don't want to enable Docker Swarm. Um I've deployed this in my home lab using Docker Swarm. I will go through this in a minute here. But um if you just want to have the super simple version of the template, you can just go with the default values. And now we can say generate these files. Yes. All right. So now it will also um present you some next steps here. Deploy to docker. So you have to uh go to this directory, upload this to your server and then just hit docker compos-d. So why not just do this right now? So let's go into this directory and let's just copy this command here. Docker Compose up dashd and let's run this. This will pull down the latest version of the pi hole image and start up um the docker compos project with all of the configured variables above. And then uh we can check if the uh docker stack is ready. So yeah, it's uh currently created. And uh of course we need to access the web interface using https. That is always the best because then the connection is encrypted. Of course, you need to replace this here your with your Docker host IP. So, where you have deployed this. Currently, I'm just starting this on my local device. So, I can just use the local host address. Uh you get a certificate warning if you're not using traffic. Yeah. And then this is the web interface of Pi Hole. We still need to grab the password here. So, if we take a look at the directory, I've also created av Pi Hole. That's this file here. So where the password is stored securely. So we can just copy this here and log in. And that is the web interface of Pi Hole. All right. So it's as easy as that to deploy this. Uh by the way um before we go through some of the functionalities and features, I still want to show you some other deployment methods that the boiler plates script is capable of. So for example, if we want to change uh something I'm just set this to dry run, no interactive. So to just generate a new template without having to customize anything in here. And I want to enable traffic for example. So if we just set traffic enabled to true. So this will generate a new template. You can see that these two ports here http and https are disabled now because they are not relevant anymore. uh when you're using traffic you can see uh in the port section I've removed this but added the labels for traffic now if you want to customize the host rule you can also change these variables in here so traffic host either go through this interactively or just set traffic host equal and then pi hole server test one home secret crave can of course also customize the traffic network name if you need to set this to something else or customize the certificate resolver and the entry point and stuff like that. So then you can easily implement this with traffic labels that are preconfigured. Of course, you can uh after generating the templates always make adjustments to the actual files. So make changes if needed. I'm also going to show you something else here. Um uh if you want to set the network mode for example, let's set this to host. So then you can see what's happening here. this file uh gets dramatically smaller because we don't need to expose any ports automatically. So the network mode host will make sure that the pi hole service will be deployed just as it would not be in docker. So it won't create this isolation layer and the other network mode is mac vlan. So this will enable these variables here where you need to set the IPv4 address of your pi hole service. So which IP address you want the Pi Hole container to have. What is the parent network interface it should be connected to? And you also need to specify the subnet. So with a /24 or SL16 depending on how large your network is. And also set the default gateway. So the IP address of your router in the network and then Pi Hole will be deployed just like as it would be a separate physical device that you connect to your network switch. Now again I personally don't like to deploy Pi Hole with MAC VLAN or network mode host because that automatically disables traffic and the container will be accessible without any reverse proxy. So you can directly access the HTTP port on port 80 and 4 for free for the HTTPS part. So that's why I personally don't like these two modes. But uh for some people it might be easier or simpler to deploy this way. I also want to show you one uh more thing and that is the new swarm configuration that I added to the latest version of the boiler plates. This will allow you to configure uh pi hole in docker swarm. However, here we get an error uh saying that the variable uh validation failed swarm placement host is required but not provided. So I've made it required to set a specific um constraint for the uh target host name placement. So in my example, if I want to uh deploy this, I need to set this to server pro one for example or server pro two to make sure that pi hole will always be started on that server which by the way makes also the persistent volume stuff easier because then you don't need a shared volume or an NFS volume. So again uh docker swarm comes with its own challenges. I've explained most of this in my docker swarm tutorial. I will also link you this in the description. But just know that this will generate a template. Uh by the way, let's for example do this maybe with traffic enabled that exposes the DNS port on the specific docker swarm host only which means you can run different DNS servers on the other swarm nodes if you want and it will also create this with persistent volumes and with a secret for the password. So here this will be stored in the env secret file and will automatically be loaded into the docker swarm service. All right. So again I don't want to confuse you with too much options but I think it is necessary to provide these templates with a lot of customization options so you can really use them to deploy Pi Hole to any kind of environment that you need. Again, if if you want this to be super super simple, you can just uh deploy the default template and just run this on a Docker server with a bridge mode and make this IP address where you deployed this on your primary DNS server. This is the next step that I want to show you because only when you're using Pi Hole as your primary DNS server, it enables the blocking functionality. Until you do this, Pi Hole is just sitting there waiting for DNS queries to arrive, but it doesn't actually get any. So you can know just go to every device and configure this in the settings. Like on Mac OS for example, you just need to go to network, go to Ethernet and then go to details. There you can configure the DNS server and switch this from the primary gateway address to your Pi Hole instance. However, if you need to do this on every computer, every device, every phone, every laptop, every smart TV, that gets uh tremendously complicated and annoying. So I would recommend you to do this a much smarter way and that is by modifying the DNS server that your DHCP server on the network provides to your devices. And then when they receive a new IP address from the DHCP server, they also get the new IP address of your Pi Hole instance as the primary DNS server. Now how to do this of course depends on what type of home router or network firewall you're running in your home lab. I just want to show you an example on my open sense firewall. I've recently deployed this as my primary firewall. By the way, video tutorial is also in the description for this one. And here you can very easily do this when you go to services and then go to your DHCP server. I think I got the IC DHCP server 4. Here for example, you can see the configuration for the LAN interface. Um here's a DHCP range and by default this field here DNS servers is empty. um because it will use the system default DNS server which is basically the IP address of the network interface of the firewall where the devices are connected to. But here you can type in the IP address. So for example, if I deploy this on my server pro two I just need to get the IP address here 1020.3 and set this on my DHCP server as the new DNS server. So in the future I will automatically enable this. I haven't done it right now because I'm still um in testing phase, but I can demonstrate this to you how that would work on my Mac. So, for example, if I go to something like Tech Radar and I want to read some articles here, you can see we got a lot of advertisement blocks here and there. It's just horrible. You have more ads on this website than actual content. It is Yeah. And if I change my DNS configuration to let's let's uh grab the IP address of that Pi Hole instance. I will show you this on my production instance by the way. So then my DNS requests are not going to be sent to my firewall. They're going to be sent to Pi Hole. You can see that the advertisement blocks are still there, but there is no element loaded. And if we return back to Pi Hole, you can see that 77 queries have been blocked just by opening this one website. Yeah, just imagine you're browsing through the web. So, let's take a closer look at the Pi Holes interface. It's actually kind of interesting uh what happens here. You can see the total queries, the queries blocked, the percentage blocked, and the domains on the list. So, there are over 100,000 uh domains on the block list. You can also manage them here in the lists menu, by the way. So currently there's only one list that's the Steven blacklist. So that's probably the most prominent blacklist uh that's communitydriven and public. But uh you can also add more lists if you want. Uh but you can also add domains manually using a domain filter or a regular expression if you want to disable the blocking feature if you encounter any problems with specific websites or things that are not working. So you can further troubleshoot. Now one thing that might be interesting to understand is what actually happens to the valid requests. So where are they sent to? Because we just changed the primary DNS server to Pi Hole. But where does Pi Hole send the valid requests to? So that you can configure in the settings when you go to DNS and here you can configure multiple upstream servers. So by default it is set to Google but you can also change this to Cloudflare enabling DNS sec or to quad 9 uh filtered by the way which will also filter out um any harmful websites malwares and stuff like that. This is also by the way a super interesting service. This is an open DNS recursive service for free security and high privacy. This is a nonprofit organization that gets it block list from various security vendors that provide their insights to quad 9 and they provide this free service. So then your DNS queries are being sent from your device to Pi Hole and the valid ones are being sent to these upstream DNS servers. Now you probably noticed that I did not configure this on my production DNS server. And the reason for this is that I still need uh my other authorative DNS server, the bind 9 server for the local homelab uh domain resolution. So that is when I need to connect to some of my servers like server one.home.ccrave.de or also my other domains um that my servers or services are using. So that's the reason why I configured the upstream DNS server to my open sense firewall and from there it's going to be sent out to the other upstream DNS server. So I kind of have added open sense into that DNS query chain. Don't be afraid of adding too many DNS uh servers in the chain that it's going to hurt your performance or something like this because DNS queries are very efficient. they are very fast and they're also being cached on all of the DNS servers. So don't be afraid of um losing any performance when you're adding too many elements in the chain. But yeah, this is how you usually can build your DNS query chain depending on what devices or servers you need in your environment. But if you don't have a bind DNS server, if you don't have an open sense firewall and you just want a super simplified setup, you can also use Pi Hole for adding static DNS entries. If you go to local DNS records. So here for example you can add a records or CNAME records. Uh for example if you have like server pro one dotome.crave.de and you need to resolve this to 10.20.2 or 192168 whatever IP address you have. You can add these entries to Pi hole. And if this becomes your primary DNS server, you can even manage simple DNS entries with that. However, I'm personally not a friend of this. As you might know, I'm using Bind 9 uh as my authorative DNS server because it has a lot more features and is more capable as an internal DNS service. I really just use Pi Hole as a DNS black hole for any ads and trackers and that's it, right? But just let you know, you can do all these things with Pi Hole if you want. You can even manage DHCP settings here. You need to specifically enable this, which I would not recommend you to do if you have a second DHCP server in your network. It will cause problems. So, just do this when you exactly know what you're doing. But you can do it if you want. Uh create a start IP range, the router gateways IP address, the subnet mask, and you can even add additional IPv6 support on Pi Hole. So you can see there are a few things possible in this uh software. I think it is really really great absolutely for ad blocking and tracker blocking. This is the primary use case of this where it just is an incredible and amazing tool for managing DNS entries. It can even do simple things which might be enough for many many people. But yeah, so that's it about Pi Hole. I think there's nothing more to say about this. It is really great. But now you can tell me your opinion. What do you think about Pi Hole? Do you use this in your home lab to block ads and trackers? Or do you use some browser extensions or client side applications? Please let me know in the comments down below. And also, if you have any feedback regarding the boilerplate CLI tools and the templates that I'm creating, please also let me know. You can create an issue on the GitHub repository. If you encounter any troubles or if you want other templates to be included in this tool. And as always, thank you so much for watching. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks so much to all the supporters and members of my channel. You guys are really making all of this possible. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care, everybody.

=== CLI vs GUI, what is better? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HCyTDrjFE8

Hey everybody, this is Christian. Today I've got a hot topic for you. It's about CLI apps versus GUI apps. So terminal applications versus graphical applications. What's better? And honestly, I've never seen myself on the one side or another because my philosophy is in tech there is always the right tool for the right job. And that's exactly what this video is about. So, in this video, we'll unpack some of the fundamental differences between CLI and GOI apps, explore some of the strengths and weaknesses of each, and I will show you my workflow with some very specific tools and examples where I believe the one or another is better for. Of course, take this with a grain of salt here because it is highly subjective. Yeah. So, feel free to disagree with my tool choices or even with my entire approach at all. I don't really care. But hopefully it helps some of you guys to find some inspiration or maybe understand a bit better how to efficiently and effectively work with graphical or terminal applications. Before we start with my favorite CLI tools, let me quickly show you one of my absolute favorite graphical tools, AIFlow, the sponsor of today's video. Because AIFlow simplifies your entire project and time management by combining time blocking and integrations into one intuitive platform. You can organize your entire schedule and boost your productivity by just dragging and dropping tasks directly into your calendar. For example, I'm currently using this to plan my day whenever I'm working on my tech projects or making YouTube videos just to keep track of all of the important things I have to do. And what I personally really like about ACFlow is that it seamlessly integrate into all of my other favorite tools such as Gmail, Slack, To-Doist, Notion, and so many more. and it consolidates all of your tasks from these multiple platforms into one central location for easy time and task management. This is really great for somebody like me who is working on many different projects at the same time. And what is also pretty cool in Echiflow, it has an AI co-pilot that really learns your habits and helps you to auto assign tasks to save time. And it is also very flexible. You can customize many things in the platform, add morning rituals or cool down reviews. So, if you'd like to boost your productivity and organize your tasks and projects, then definitely check out Echiflow. It's a great tool and of course, I'll put your link to it in the description box down below. All right, guys. So, now let's get started. As you can see, I've already fired up my terminal program because first of all, I want to explain why so many tech people prefer CLI applications over graphical applications. And the main reason for this is that CLI applications represent some form of direct communication with a system. So there is much less abstraction between you as the user and the system or the actions that you want to perform. So when you're typing in commands, it is a very precise instruction what you actually want to achieve and you usually get an immediate and less filtered feedback. And that has several advantages. Like in my project directory, I've stored many different projects that are docker compos files. And for example, I want to find out in each of the compost files where I'm using traffic labels. Yeah, in a graphical application, I would have to go to this directory. I would have to go into each project. I would have to find where is a compose file actually existing. So here probably I have to open this application and oh yeah there's no traffic label in here. So I can go to the next one in a terminal with powerful Linux tools. I could just use grap for example to search for a text in a directory and it's automatically searching all the subdirectories finding all of the files in here and listing out the files where this text or the search pattern is located in. This is super super powerful and you can even combine these tools when you pipe this to another command like for example if you want to count how many occurrences there are. I can just pipe this to a w that will count uh all of the objects. So 25 objects and I can even go on and for example search for this and just include the file name and instead of piping this to a counter I can pipe this to X arrs which is a small tool that takes the output of the first command as an argument to pass it to another command. For example, I could use an sedd command to replace the existing traffic enable true and replace it with traffic enable false for example. So I can replace with one single command any occurrences of this text here in any of the files of the subdirectory with something else. So you can see if you would do this in a graphical program this probably would take me like 20 30 minutes. what I can easily do within just a few seconds in one single command. And for example, I can also show the output of all the files. If I pipe this to XRX bat, for example, which will print the output of the entire text file, so where the search pattern is found. And when you learn to use and combine these terminal tools and programs, you're just much much faster and more direct when you want to make changes or you want to work with any system. By the way, this is also another great example where the CLI shines and that is when managing remote servers. This is really where the efficiency and the lightweight nature of CLI tools becomes absolutely critical. So when managing infrastructure, I'm just doing this uh at my local device. But when I want to do that at scale, you just need to use these type of tools. For example, if I just want to know what is the uptime of one of my servers, I could just execute this SSH uh uptime command on my remote machine and it's telling me uh okay, my server is up for 24 days. Probably need to restart it at some point. Or if I want to know what's the current um disk utilization, I could also just use the df-h command. So you can see it's much much faster, more direct instead of logging into an administrative program and then going through menus to find out what is the disk consumption of my servers. And of course what you can type into a single command can also easily scripted and repeated million times. Yeah, that's the real superpower of CLI. This is automation because once it is scripted you can schedule it you can have version control you can test it and you can share it with your team. I've also uh giving you some examples here for let's go to my anible directory. Uh by the way anible this is a powerful automation and configuration management tool that's uh really interesting because it uses YAML based language for their playbooks. For example, here is a playbook um that I have created which will um query all of the running containers on my servers and will output some of these statistics about it. Yeah. And if I execute it, it will automatically connect to my remote servers. It will gathering all of the uh statistics and querying all of the containers. It will give me the output of all the existing containers. Here you can see some of the details. So it's really really fast. Of course, that also comes at a price here. Yeah, I'm not telling you it is all great. Yeah, because uh in order to use these tools and to be fast and efficient with your terminal, um you just have to learn it. Yeah. So, the learning curve of many terminal programs might be a bit harder to climb at the first place because you need to memorize many commands. You need to understand the flags and all of the options. you need to learn the syntax and maybe shortcuts and so on. However, I think just in the recent years, this has become dramatically simpler because with the rise of AI, you can just describe what you want in a prompt and then AI translates this into the correct command syntax and that's ultimately making the CLI more accessible than ever. It dramatically lowers the barrier to entry while still giving you the full power of the CLI. I just will give you a very quick example here for so you can see um this is an output of the automation task where and here you can uh for example see that I usually don't set any memory or CPU uh utilization limits for my containers because honestly I don't think that's really needed here. But uh maybe for example I want to do this but I don't really know how I would automate this. Yeah. So I could use an AI prompt something like um create a simple command to add smart container CPU and memory resource limits to the um let's let's do it on the traffic uh pro two container. Let the AI figure out uh that on its own and just give it the last output of the terminal as context. So it has all of the information of the containers and where exactly they are running on. And then the LLM can craft a oneline command. For example, here it comes up with a simple anible automation command that sets the memory and CPU limits exactly on this container. So I can just uh run this here and that will perform the actual change on my infrastructure. So you can still use all of the power of the CLI tools to have direct input and outputs, but it's a bit easier to consume when you use AI for that. But yeah, um, of course, I don't want to say that CLI tools and this way of working in your terminal is best for all use cases because before you think I'm a complete CLI fanatic, yeah, let me show you where graphical applications are actually superior. And this is I think really important to understand because in tech I see many many people trying to force CLI processes or CLI tools into each and every scenario even when they are genuinely not the best choice. I think it comes from a dogmatic belief that CLI is always superior because it is so great to work with this but it is simply not true. So there are entire categories of problems even in tech where visual representation and graphical interaction provide fundamental advantages. Uh something that text based user interfaces just cannot provide especially when you need to understand relationships between different elements or visualize more complex data. Just take Kubernetes in incredibly complex system with many interconnected resources. It has ports it has deployments. It has replica set services, ingress objects, name spaces, config maps. It's still blowing my mind. Yeah. And understanding the state of a Kubernetes cluster or even a Kubernetes project that isn't just about knowing that the resources exist. Yeah. It's about understanding how they relate to each other. So which port belongs to which deployment uh in which name space and what service routes are attached to these ports and what is the health status across the entire system and terminal tools like cubectl for example are great to get some very specific responses again terminal tools are great for this quick and fast uh interaction to query the pots maybe in all of the name spaces and oh that's great I know that these resources are existing thing but I still don't know much about the relationship of all the resources and then there are tools for example I will show you K9S which is a TUI tool a textbased user interface that aims to close the gap between the simplistic cubectl commands and tries to provide you some overlay or some overview of your Kubernetes cluster and um you can see this fully runs in your terminal with shortcuts and commands. You can navigate through this uh menu. You can also describe some of these uh deployments here. For example, here drill into some of the details and stuff like that. And you can even use your mouse as an input. Yeah. But what I really don't like at this tool, it still doesn't provide you much um overview. I will show you another tool that is very similar to this. Um it is called Lazy Docker. And this is a another tool similar to K9S. It's a TUI tool uh that gives you overview of your Docker containers. Yeah, even on my remote server and I can select it. I can drill into logs. I can drill into stats if I if I know how to work with Whoops. If I know how to work with this tool, again, I need to now uh look up the help. I need to remember the shortcuts for the commands. You can still use your mouse input here and there, but as you can see, this is really limited because it only has textbased input. This is, by the way, another great example when you want to have some overview of some graphs or stuff like that. Yeah, you cannot scroll left or right in this graph view. I I sometimes just don't understand why people are creating these type of textbased user interfaces. Uh by the way, I recently have written my own textbased user interface here. It's called uh boiler plates that you might have seen in one of my recent videos. Yeah, it's also kind of a TUI tool that uh gives you some visual output on the terminal, but it's of course not a real management application. And honestly, I also believe that boilerplate CLI tool is great, but it's not the end of the road. Because although this provides a better interface than just using plain commands, TUI applications still have a gap and that is the textbased interface or the console that they're uh displaying the data on. And I just honestly believe for this type of use case especially for visualizing relationships or monitoring graphical applications are just so much better. I will just uh show you an example with Portainer here. So this is another management application that I use for my Kubernetes cluster and I can just intuitively uh navigate through these different menus to see the relationship of applications. Yeah, I can filter specific name spaces. I also can get uh some statistic like the memory reservation and CPU reservation of my entire cluster. I can directly see how many nodes are up and running. So this is in my opinion uh much much better for this use case especially here on my docker swarm cluster when I want to see all the different uh container stacks that are currently running and I get a much better overview because I can see more elements on the same space and I can minimize I can zoom in I can zoom out that is what I cannot do with a textbased user interface and I will show you an even better example yeah um For example, for monitoring, there's this application existing that's called bottom. And honestly, yeah, it's nice to look at this. I love terminal tools. I love terminal programs. But honestly, I would never really use this in a real world to monitor my server. In this example, it is just my local Mac. Yeah, but just imagine I would have to monitor 10, 20, 30 different servers. And I need to scroll in. I need to zoom in or out of this monitoring graph. uh I cannot do this with a terminal tool. I will just show you my monitoring tool graphana. Yeah. So here for example if I want to monitor the matrix of my servers I can open my dashboards for example. Let's go to this here and I can see at a glance what is happening on my virtual and physical servers here. And I can see a much better visual representation of what's going on. Also in monitoring graphs, for example, if I can see a spike here in the network traffic uh activity, I can zoom into this little clip here and I can much better see what exactly was going on here. What network interfaces were producing this uh traffic and I can drill into all of the details of the memory and CPU uh utilization exactly at that time frame. So I can better uh identify what application was actually producing this network traffic and maybe there was an issue with that. That is also true for locks. So if I want to drill into all of the locks that are produced on my system here for example you can see a lot of errors in the graphana production server. So I can mark this specific time frame and I can also zoom in and I can troubleshoot uh this particular issue and find out what is going on. uh just imagine you would have to do this with graph or with a textbased user interface like this is completely impossible. So this is absolutely where graphical applications are superior. Well, I will show you another example. Yeah, for example, let's go to my N8N automation platform. This is where I'm currently start to automate some of my uh processes for social media content creation and GitHub merch request management. And of course, I just told you um when we were talking about automation, how great CLI tools are when it comes to automating uh repeatable task. And yeah, this is still true. Of course, you could write a Python script or a bash script that does all that automation in a textbased form. Uh but graphical tools are better for understanding more complex logic flows. So you can better follow the specific path and the decisions when these decisions are made and can also troubleshoot at which point something fails. This is not really great in terminal based automation tools. And here I absolutely love N8N because it gives you a much better insight into all of your pipeline. And this is where I just believe graphical tools are really great. By the way, you could also see N8N as kind of a hybrid thing. here because you can still um write code in here and you can still use it to execute scripts but it uh somehow lives in both worlds. Yeah, it has a graphical part that is great for seeing the connectivities and relationships between the different elements but you can still uh drill into some of these specifics and create smaller scripts even bash, python or javascripts that execute some very specific repeatable tasks. So that is at the core what I want to tell you. Yeah. And don't listen to these uh guys that will uh tell you oh you should always use CLI apps for just everything because CLI is better and you need to use tiling window managers. You need to use Vim and blah blah blah. I think everybody just need to find their own pacing, how to adapt to specific tools and need to find their own sweet spot of when to use in more intuitive graphical tools and when to use more direct and uh more quick and efficient terminal commands. So it really depends on the actual use case and that is what you should always remember in tech. There is always the right tool for the right job and that's my philosophy. But um now you can tell me where I'm wrong and which uh CLI tool I should try out next. Yeah. And please let me know if you lean more towards one side or if you use a mix and match like I do. Just let me know in the comments. And as always, thank you so much for watching. Thanks to all the supporters and members of my channel. You guys are just amazing. And I will catch you in the next video. Take care, guys. Bye-bye.

=== Self-hosting GitLab: A complete HomeLab deployment ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLmF8jV_0ck

Hey everybody, I'm Christian and in today's video we are going to talk about self-hosting GitLab and I'm going to give you some insights into my setup and how I'm using this to manage my complete home lab deployments including applications and containers, automated deployments, storing configuration settings and managing updates because in HomeLab we usually got dozens of applications up and running and we are testing and experimenting a lot. To keep this chaos and mess under control, you need some form of central source of truth. And for me, this is GitLab. It's the hard and core of storing all the necessary information for my HomeLab deployments. And I know what some of you guys are thinking. Well, Christian, GitLab is nice, but it's also kind of heavy and uses a lot of resources. And there are better and simpler solutions out there like Gy and Forio. I know all of this. But honestly, guys, I'm pretty happy with GitLab because I love all of the features. I love the CLI tool. I love the UI and the user experience. And I just recently added some resource optimizations that brought down my GitLab memory utilization from 7 GB down to about 3 GB, which actually makes GitLab usable for smaller setups. So today, I'm going to show you exactly how to install and set up this thing. We go over resource optimizations. By the way, thanks to Nucus from our Discord community who showed me some of the tricks and I'm going to explain how exactly I'm using and managing GitLab to automate my HomeLab deployments and configurations. So, I hope this is going to be valuable for you guys. Before we start, I quickly want to show you another incredible tool that I honestly use every single day and also throughout all of my videos. It's called Warp, the sponsor of today's video. And this is a full agentic development environment that unites the best CLI and IDE features into one single application. You can simply use Warp as your main CLI program. Use the built-in AI agent to autonomously create and execute commands, analyze your CLI output to troubleshoot and fix issues. You can even let it write code that is tailored to your codebase to build, ship, and deploy sophisticated applications. It's absolutely fantastic. For example, I've recently released my own CLI tool called boiler plates, which we'll also later use in the video, by the way. And honestly, without warp, I wouldn't have been able to do this. Yeah, it was such a huge help to let AI write large parts of the code base or maintain GitHub issues with the built-in FCP server support in Warp. So, there are tons and tons of features in Warp that will make your life as a developer or tech nerd easier. And if you haven't tried it out yourself yet, you can now get Warp Pro free for 7 days with 2500 AI credits. So that's a lot. And there is no card required when you sign up. So definitely check it out. Of course, I'll put your link in the description box down below. Okay guys, so now let's get started with GitLab. First of all, if you're completely new to this and you never used a Git platform before, maybe because you're not a software developer and you're wondering why the heck should you even use this? Well, of course, although Git platforms are pretty popular in software development as a cross collaboration platform, so you can store code, you can maintain version histories and collaborate with different developer teams on one single project. Well, I still think this is super useful in a home lab as a central storage location for all of your projects and deployment files. You can easily get started and get a feeling for this if you sign up on a cloud platform like GitHub or also GitLab. can just uh go to their website gitlab.com sign up and then just start creating private or public projects and use this for your home lab as well. So there's nothing wrong with that. However, I think if you want to have a little more control over the platform, you want to keep the data and the storage all on your personal servers, GitLab has a pretty interesting offering because they also have a community version or even a free enterprise version that you could use and install. Now this is the first confusion that I need to address at the very beginning because if you go to the pricing you see a free version, a premium and an ultimate version. So what you're seeing here is actually the enterprise version. So that is mainly used in company environments if you need additional AI features. You can upgrade from the free license to the premium and ultimate license and so on. So, the enterprise version of GitLab has a few more features, but probably mostly interested to companies. Now, in this video, we're going to install the free community edition of GitLab because I think this is much more suitable for a smaller environment because you actually don't need all of the enterprise features in a home lab and you probably will never upgrade to the premium licenses. Now, if you want to install the free community edition of GitLab in your home lab, there are different ways of how you could do this. You could install this in Docker. So this is the preferred way that I'm also going to show you in this video. But you could of course also install this in Kubernetes or even install this on a Linux machine with a Linux package. That's also possible. Depending on what your requirements are, you might choose the one or another way. And here in the installation instructions, we can find more details about how to configure the SSH port, how to create a directory for the volumes, how to create the GitLab RB configuration file, and there is even a Docker compos template that you could use. But because of the complexity of the configuration and different versions and installations, I thought I'm just going to create my own template because I recently created my own boilerplates library repository that currently contains a CLI tool that you could use to quickly and simply set up a new GitLab Docker compost file that you can easily run on your home lab. And this can be preconfigured with smart default values that also configures automatically the configuration file depending on whether you're using traffic reverse proxy or if you want to configure an email notification and sign up and stuff like that. So to easily get started you just need by boilerplate CLI tool. You just download it with this oneline script command from my GitHub repository. Of course I'll put you link to this in the description. So all you do is just copy this, install the dependencies in your terminal and then you can use the boiler plate command to browse through my templates. So here for example, let's just execute the compose list command that will give you a list of all the available templates in here. As you can see there is gitlab in the latest version 18.4.2. I'm regularly updating these templates. So when you're watching the video a bit later, you should see an updated template version in here. And to show some of the details what you can configure in this template, you can automatically enable the performance preset. So that will bring down tremendously the amount of memory usage and you can also choose between uh just running this with a simple port exposure or you can automatically integrate this in your traffic reverse proxy setup if you want set up an email server for email signup and notification on your platform and you can even integrate this in authentic. Of course, I've made tutorials about traffic and about authentic. So, if that's of any interest for you, then check out my other videos. I will put you a link to this in the description box down below. But if you just want to get started with a super simple and super quick setup on your local device to just get a feeling for how to work with a git platform, you can generate a new boiler plate for GitLab based on the default values. And let us just go through some of the stuff in here. uh for example the service name I just want to keep uh using GitLab the container name you could customize if you want also the restart policy however I think unless stopped should be fine for most scenarios here and if you're using this on your real server you might need to change the external URL for GitLab from localhost to something else so depending on if you're using a traffic reverse proxy with uh TLS certificates that you enabled you might want to use HTTPS and then the IP address or the fully qualified domain name that is forwarded to the IP address of the server that you're using. However, in my example, I just going to keep local host so I can easily start this on my local machine. And of course, I also enable the ports so I can access the internal HTTP SSH and registry port. Now, if you're using traffic reverse proxy, even though there is a custom SSH port, you can disable the port exposure because usually we don't want anybody to access our GitLab instance by using an unencrypted connection. Now, the SSH port is by default set to 2424. The reason for this is that on most um deployments or most servers, the default SSH port 22 is most likely in use by the internal Open SSH server that is running on your server machine. And if you try to run GitLab, that will listen on the default SSH port, that usually doesn't work because it's already in use. So therefore, we need to switch the SSH port to something else. By default, I've chosen 242 24, but you could of course customize this if you need. And if you also want to enable the container registry of GitLab. So um by default the container registry is disabled. But if you want to build Docker or container images and you want to store them on your internal uh registry of GitLab, this also might be useful for some people. Uh you can also do this and that you can also change the container registry port. Note this setting is only important when you're not using traffic. Uh because when you're using traffic with TLS, there's also a setting to automatically create a new subdomain for the container registry. So you could have one for your internal GitLab platform and one for the registry platform and then if you don't expose the ports, the container registry is not needed. Anyways, I just want to uh set the default values here. And now we come to the next setting. So this is uh quite interesting. This enables the performance optimization profile. Now this enables certain settings. We will later also take a look at the configuration what exactly I have configured or preloaded here. But I have added two uh different um profiles. One that I've just called home lab. So this is for smaller environments. And this will still run quick and fast for up to 10 users or so. But if you want to go beyond that, so if you want to set up GitLab for a larger uh platform, you of course want to go with the defaults and not enable the performance optimization profile. This is really just to bring down the memory and CPU usage on smaller home lab setups as well as this here. Uh so here you can enable the Prometheus monitoring if you want to monitor your GitLab platform. However, disabling this monitoring brings down the memory utilization. So then of course metrics will become unavailable but you will also save some memory. Now you can enable traffic. So that is the reverse proxy that you probably know from my other tutorials if you enable this. So that allows you to quickly and easily protect GitLab with trusted TLS certificates. Again might be only interesting for people using traffic. On my local test device I'm not using it. So I will just go with the default which is to disable traffic. And I also don't want to configure an email server. Now uh however on your production setup I definitely would recommend this as well. You sometimes get email notifications for example about failed um CI/CD pipelines or changes in repository and stuff like that. So you definitely should enable this on your production setups to enable email notifications. And also if you're using authentic as a single sign on I'm using this on my production git app instance also quite useful. uh you can enable this and then configure settings like the authentic base URL so where your authentic server is running the client ID the client secret and the authentic slack that you're using for your application and service provider so again if if that doesn't mean anything to you just ignore it it's probably uh for advanced setups but I thought it might be useful to include it in these templates here as well okay so now the boiler plates tool will generate uh two files it will generate the compos post. Mml file so that you can start with docker compose on your local or remote server and it will also autocreate a gitlab.rb. So this is the main configuration file for gitlab and I want to say yes. So uh generate these files. Now the next steps um here I've also described what we need to do next to um start up this service. So here for example we need to go into the gitlab directory and execute a docker compos up. So this will create the persistent volumes. It will create a GitLab default network and start up the container. It's it's taking about like one to up to 5 minutes. So in my setup it's mostly taking 2 to 3 minutes until the GitLab platform is ready. And then we can open the web interface on the configured external URL. So in my case can see that's on my local developer device. Gitlab is uh currently starting. And then we need to collect the initial root password because by default when you install a new GitLab instance it will create a new root user and it will also autogenerate a password. So in the next steps I've added the commands that you need to execute. So let's go to the directory and just run this. This will um get you back the root password and then we just need to log in with our root user and the password and sign in. And here we are. So technically your GitLab instance is now ready but there are a few uh important settings I'd recommend you to take a look at. So first of all you should definitely deactivate auto signups because if especially if your GitLab instance is publicly facing which might not be the case for all environments but I think it's a security risk to allow auto signups on your personal private and protected environment. So uh just go to deactivate. This will take you to the menu settings where you can disable sign up. Okay. So, uh don't forget to click on save settings. And the next thing is to change the initial root password. Go to preferences or profile settings. So, here you can see uh the password setting. Just enter current password. Give it a new password. And of course, you can also make changes. Enable to factor authentication which might be important. You can also change the username from root to something more useful. Yeah. Like your personal username. you want to use, you can create access tokens, uh, email addresses and stuff like that. So, because we didn't configure an email server, this will be automatically set to example.com. So, when you're doing commits, it's, uh, sometimes mentioning your email address, so could be a bit annoying. But again, this is just a local and simple test setup. So, I'm not going to worry about it. If you want to create a production ready template, just use the boiler plates and fill in some of the information that will help you to get this up and running. Now, I still want to uh take a closer look at the files in the folder here because it's one thing to trust the boiler plates templates, but actually I'm a big fan to take a look behind the curtain and get a better understanding of what's actually happening here. So, this is a super simple template that was generated by the boiler plates. And in the configuration file are some autoconfigured settings. So, here the external URL. Of course, you can change all of this stuff in here before you deploy this to production. So you can generate a template and then later make adjustments if you want. Yeah, you don't always have to use the boiler plates tool to uh regenerate it. But um here you can see that um GitLab also would support uh internal let's encrypt with TLS. I've disabled this because I think it's it's better to traffic handle the TLS uh certificates. And here are also the uh performance settings I just talked about. So this is the HomeLab profile for small setups. For example, I'm reducing or limiting the uh Postgress SQL memory. The maximum concurrency also reduces number of background jobs that are processed simultaneously, lowering RAM and CPU usage. Worker processes are set to one. The worker time out is increased a little because it might take a bit longer until it's processed. So these small adjustments bring down the memory consumption of GitLab at least for my uh deployment to about like uh 40% usage compared to before. So that's quite huge. And also this is the Prometheus monitoring setting that is disabled. So save you two or 400 megabytes of memory. All right. So, I know we spent a lot of time on this setup, but I think this is super important because GitHub is such a huge and complex platform and I just recently found out some of the performance settings that might help a lot of you guys to run this in smaller environments. Of course, if you never used such a platform, it might be completely overwhelming and I totally understand this. So, that's why I've made many many different videos about GitLab and Git platforms in general and how to work with this. However, um if you just want to start super simple and you just want to use GitLab as a simple storage for some of your uh compos files or configuration deployments, you could just u use this and create your project to manage files either code repositories, deployment files. It actually doesn't really matter. And when you create a project, you can clone this to your local device and uh then you can make changes on your local machine and push the changes to GitLab. and it's constantly maintaining a file history. So, GitLab always remembers every change you make in a single file line by line if you want. So, if you just change a single word in a line, it's memorizing there was a change in this one particular file and you could revert back to older versions. So, this is super super useful on my production instance. You can see I've created all of the different projects for all of the technologies or applications or things that I'm doing. You can see I've created a project for my traffic deployments or for my GitLab deployment. I've created a separate project and it goes on and on. And I've also created some personal projects like this is a repository for my website where I'm managing the website deployment or some testing uh repositories when I'm experimenting. For example, I'm just going to show you the uh Portainer project. So here you can see I'm storing files for the Terraform management. So that manages the DNS resources. And I'm also storing uh deployment. So here is the Portainer agent file, the Portainer project. So here's the docker compos file for just running Portainer on my local home lab. So this is a very simple uh file that I'm storing here. However, I'm using GitLab to not only store this but also do automated updates. I will show you later how exactly that works. But if you're completely new to this, I would recommend you to create a new group. Call this home lab or you can create multiple groups for different environments or stuff like that. That also makes sense. And then start creating projects for each homelab project that you're doing. It doesn't have to be for every application. Um it could also be a project for monitoring stack uh where you collect deployment templates for graphana, Prometheus, Loki or stuff like that. But don't forget to spread them out a little and organize them in a single group. I will just show you another one for example authentic. So, so here I'm managing the deployment files which is uh basically helmchart values file and some kubernetes manifests for the ingress routes that's needed for traffic or the certificate uh definition and stuff like that and of course some terraform projects here. So there I'm managing uh the authentic applications the outpost the DNS records and I also created a gitlab CI. So this is an automated CI/CD pipeline. I will later show you how exactly that works. But the reason why I organize everything in one single home group is all these automated deployments um for example the Helm values in here will require some secrets. For example, there's a postgress server that requires a database password and authentic also requires a secret key that is used to encrypt all of the information in the database. And it is never really a good idea to store these type of secrets in plain text files. It's even worse to store them in a git managed repository because if you remember what I said earlier, git remembers all of the changes in a file. So even if you once added a secret or a password in here and then you delete it with an update, it's still stored in the git history and someone could still look it up. So that's really super important. Never store any credentials or secret variables in Git repositories. Super dangerous. No, what you should do instead is use the GitLab's integrated secret variables. If you go to setting CI/CD, there is a setting variable where you could create secret variables where the value is hidden or you can just add other variables that store certain settings. There are some secret variables that are only required for authentic to run. For example, the secret key. This is only consumed by authentic. However, if you want to add some other variables, for example, managing terraform uh stuff like that or connecting other APIs, you don't want to always manage these variables for each of your repository. So that's why you can create group variables. So these are inherited from the group and then each of the projects in the homelab group can use these variables and then you don't need to store this sensitive information inside deployment templates or stuff like that. So this is also super important. And what I also just recently found out that that is super useful is the Gab CLI tool. It's pretty nice. You can um check all of the repositories that or the projects that you running. For example, uh a repo list will list out all of my repositories on my personal GitLab instance. So here um I can see all of the CI/CD pipelines that were executed and what was the status and so on. So you can really automate a lot with this GLAB tool. I really like this and sometimes it's even faster also because you can use this in warp terminal and tell AI to use the GLAB tool to get access to some of the CI/CD pipelines. troubleshoot this with the AI tools. That is also super useful. Just go to the documentation, search for Gab. There you can see some installation instructions how to do this. I think it's even available in Homebrew if you're using Mac OS. Of course, also Linux, Windows, uh, and subsystem for Linux. All right. So, uh, if you use Gab, you first of all need to authenticate. So, just type in Gab of login. Just go to GitLab self-managed and it will guide you through some of the settings. you just need to add the URL. Um, and if you want to clone repositories using SSH, I would always recommend you to use SSH for git cloning because then you can add your SSH key and then create a personal access token for API requests. Uh, by the way, let's let's go through this uh once uh because I think that might be also quite important. So, let's go to the um testing instance here. So when you go to your account preferences, you can set up um SSH keys. So that's quite important. Just click on add new SSH key. And I also going to disable expiry key. And then I can use this to authenticate with SSH to my GitLab instance. The same for access token. So that's a bit annoying because you have to specifically set an expiration date here. That's a bit annoying. And I think one year is the the longest time. Actually, a few days ago, my personal access token in GitLab expired and all of my CI/CD pipeline stopped working and I couldn't authenticate and I was wondering what the heck is now going on. But yeah, um that's one of the things that you might notice a year later that you need to refresh your personal access tokens from time to time. It's a bit annoying, but yeah, it is what it is. If you're using this as an administrator, just enable um all of the scopes in here. Otherwise you can specifically define um if the access token can only read to the repository or make changes to the repository. If you want to use all the features just enable everything and then you can um execute gab offlo in it will also ask for your token and then you should get access to the tool. But yeah, so back to the topic that that's basically how I'm using uh GitLab as a central source of truth for all of my projects and I'm also using this to manage updates to my deployments. For example, I'm running um a simple application called Renovate. I also made a video about this and I've connected this to my personal GitLab instance and it's automatically scanning all of the packages and the dependencies and notifies me about any updates. For example, let us go to my N8N. And so here you can see I'm deploying N8N in a simple uh Docker compos project. And I'm using pinned tagged versions here so that I can automatically get update notifications. So when I go back um I can show you the renovate.json file. So here I've configured that it should watch the docker compose package and notify me about any minor, major or patch updates. And uh it automatically creates so-called merge requests. And these merge requests you can review one by one where you can specifically see when you go to the changes in what file it changed which line. So here you can see it changes uh from version 115 to 116. And if that's a change I want to automatically run, um I can just click on merge and this will start my CI/CD pipeline that will automatically connect to my SSH server where this docker compos project is running. It will uh execute a docker pull command to pull down the latest image version and then it will execute docker compose down and docker compose up-d so to restart the container with a new image and run this in the background. And I can also view this process here in GitLab. So I can um also go in here and get a trace log of all the commands that are executed. So yeah, that is what you can all do with GitLab. Again, I don't want to overload you with information, but I just wanted to um explain what you can all do with this and why this is so great to manage deployments in your home lab. I hope this video at least helped you to get started and set up a simple GitLab selfhost instance with my boiler plates templates and then take it from there. I will put you a new playlist that I've created with all of my GitLab tutorials in the description so you have enough content to watch after uh setting up this. And of course, yeah, just follow me for more content. That would be really great. And if you could uh give the new GitHub repository boiler plates some stars and use this, that's really appreciated from my side. All right, guys, but that's it for now. I let you go and let you play around with this. Um, have some fun, experiment a lot. Thanks to all my patron supporters and YouTube members. You guys make all of this possible. And I'm going to catch you all in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== My ultimate Docker Compose template toolkit: Boilerplates v2 ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpOz0heQPGA

Hey guys, it's Christian and today I've got something very special to show because I've recently created my own brand new tool that will help all of you guys to manage container deployments and in the future even other templates and config settings when following my video tutorials. For example, in most of my tutorials, we use Docker Compose templates for deploying applications and services because it is super damn simple. It has a standardized configuration and works on nearly every machine. Some of you guys might already be familiar with the boilerplates GitHub repository where I created and maintained a library for various types of self-hosted apps and services. And although this is absolutely fantastic, this repository now has over 6,000 stars on GitHub, it had one problem, and that was about standardization and customization. Because if you follow my video tutorials and you want to use my templates, some of you might have completely different requirements and customization settings. Like some of you use traffic, my favorite reverse proxy, others might not. Some of you might use single sign on with authentic. No matter how good this video tutorial and the template is, it still requires a lot of manual effort until now because the boiler plates version two introduces a brand new CLI tool that I've written in Python which makes Docker compos templates easy and straightforward. You can use the boilerplate CLI tool to create templates and config settings for all sorts of applications you see in my videos. And you can interactively configure all of the important settings including smart preconfigured settings for traffic authentic external or internal databases, application specific values. And the best is this tool is completely free and open source as part of the boiler plates community project. So I'm very proud and happy to show it to you today. But before we do that, I quickly want to talk about my other absolute favorite tool for remote access that is called Twing, the sponsor of today's video. Because Twgate is always my first choice when I need to log in to my home servers from SSH or if I want to access all of my administrative tools because it provides a secure, fast, and simple solution for that. It is what we call ZTNA intact, a zero trust network access platform that establishes secure connections between all of your devices and they always have to be verified and authorized otherwise twingage won't let the request go through your network and this technology even works through N devices and firewalls without any port forwarding or other firewall exceptions required. You can just securely log into all your configured devices and services no matter where you are and where you're connecting from. If you would like to try out Twin, then check out my tutorials on how to install it and how to integrate it into your Docker, Kubernetes or DevOps environment. It is super cool and completely free for up to five users and connects to 10 different remote networks. So, start making your home more secure and accessible with Twate. Of course, I will drop you a link to their website in the description down below. All right, guys. So, now let's have a look at the new boiler plates repository version two. I've already merged all of the important changes into the main branch. It is still a pretty early version. So, you can see there is a release version 0.04 that I just published yesterday and I'm almost weekly adding new changes and things that I want to improve. I'm also really eager to hear your feedback and whenever you encounter any issues, problems or you have other feature requests for this tool then please raise an issue here in this GitHub repository you can you can just click on issue and then create a new one. Describe what you need. I'm already working on many many items here that I've already planned for future upgrades. But yeah, let's go back to the main uh view. First of all, I want to show you how to install this. So, I've added some documentation about the CLI tool, what it is and and what are the key features like a quick setup of templates and config settings. It's fully customizable with smart values and I carefully maintain these templates to update to the latest versions of the application and you can just simply install the boiler plate CLI tool with a simple bash script. Just copy this here. I'm going to start a new small virtual Linux machine so I can show you how this tool works. So just hit enter and then it's going to download the latest version. It installs a few dependencies and requirements like this tool is written in Python and uses the Python package manager to install this as a systemwide tool. So once this is done, you can just execute the boiler plates command in your CLI. Currently there are only two uh available commands in here that also have subcomands of course but um there will be more things added in the future. And there are also uh some general parameters like lock level if that that's probably not interesting for you guys but I might need to troubleshoot a few things. So um adjust the lock level. You can also install the uh completion so in in your current shell. So that will um allow you to have autocomp completion for some of the commands here. And of course you can just check the current version that is installed if you need to install a new version. So if you see there is a new release in here and you just want to upgrade then just execute the same installation command again it will override the existing tool to update to the latest version. Now once you have this tool the very first thing that you should always do is uh synchronize the latest changes of the library because as you might have noticed I've restructured this entire git repository to have the CLI directory where the source code of this Python script is located. There is the installation script some testing and GitHub actions for release stuff. Don't bother with that. But if you want to take a look at the libraries, so the actual boiler plates, um you can take a look at the library directory. Currently I only have one subdirectory for the compose module. So um there are only uh docker compos templates in here and some of them I've not activated yet because it's still work in progress. So some of them might have a draft setting. So you will not see every item in here. And when I make updates or enable new templates or boiler plates, you will always have to synchronize the latest changes because it's basically doing a git clone into your personal directory where the library is located. You can list the current repositories that are installed. By default, you should have only one repository that is set to my GitHub repo. The directory is the library and it's not synchronized yet. So the very first thing that we need to do is to do an update. repo update that you will always have to do to download the latest changes. By the way, currently it doesn't have a sophisticated multi-reository support, but in the future I'm planning to add a functionality so you can add your own boiler plates repository if you want. How you use these boiler plates, you can just uh use the compose command. So that is currently the only module that is there. In the future, I will add anible, terraform, packer, kubernetes, uh just like compose as a subcommand. And each of these modules should have some general commands like list to list out all of the templates. We can just execute this here for example. So here you see a table of the available templates. As I said, not every template is enabled yet, but if you check in a few days, I'll probably add more to this here. You can also search for something in here with a search command. If you want to search for git for example that will show you gt and gitlab that are both templates existing. You also see the version of the application and also what is the library this is coming from. Again multi library is a feature that is work in progress. Okay. If you want to see or inspect some of the details of the templates you can just use the boiler plates compose show command. So for example, if you want to inspect the Portainer template that I've created, you can see there is a description what this application template is about and what it does. There is a link to the project website to the documentation and if it has a source code to the git repository and it also has a template file structure because some templates might have additional configuration files that can be precreated with certain values and these values are um set by the template variables. So there are some standardized variables that always exist in the same way for these templates like uh for the compos module there will be a service name that is by default set to the ID of the template. There is a container name that you can customize. There is a container time zone in this example and some other settings like port exposure like this template requires three ports to be exposed but there are also some disabled settings. So they are not enabled by default if you want to connect this compost stack to a different Docker network. You could enable this in here and set the network name and if it's an external created network or if it should be managed by this compost template. And there are also some settings for other applications like traffic which is currently disabled because I don't know if everybody uses traffic. But if you want to use traffic uh as a reverse proxy that manages trusted TLS certificates and you already have configured that on your server, you can use the boiler plates to create a compost template for Portainer that already has the required labels and settings. And you can of course customize these values here as well. Now this is just showing everything. If you want to generate a boiler plate like this Portainer compos project, you can use the compose generate command. So let's do this right now. It will ask you if you want to customize any of these settings here. If you say no, it will just generate the template file structure with all of these variables you see here. But if you want to change something, just say yes. and it will interactively ask you for each of the enabled section if you want to customize values in here. So if you are okay with the currently configured value just hit enter and it will use the default value. But if you want to change the container name for example to something else you can just type in the name or the values and it will override the default template values like the time zone I want to set to Europe Berlin here. The container restart policy is okay, but you could also set these other values in here if you want. And maybe I don't want to expose the ports because I want to use traffic as my reverse proxy. So I don't need to enable the ports here. So I just say no. And this will then skip all of the other questions and directly go to the next section network. No, I don't need network because I want to connect this to the traffic Docker network. So when we come to the traffic section, I want to say yes. And now I can specify the traffic network name. So in my case I have connected my traffic uh docker container to the network proxy. So I just type in this name and I want to create a new domain like portainer uh portainer dot local. This is just my local test device for example. Yeah. And the HTTP entry point web is fine. That's okay. Now I can say if I want to enable TLS uh for traffic with certificate management if I've configured a certificate resolver. I would say yes. Okay, let's do this. Web secure certificate resolver is Cloudflare. That's correct in my case. And now I'm finished with all of the customizations. I can just uh confirm if the boiler plate CLI tool should write the files to the folders. You can see that it always will create a new folder that is uh the same as the template ID. I I'll just say yes, the template was generated successfully. And let's go into this directory. You can see the compose file here. And that's the file that has been generated. So you can see the container name was set to my custom value. It uses the actual version of the template that is managed by my library and it set the time zone. It also automatically set necessary things like volumes with reasonable default values. The traffic labels are configured just like I described it. Now, of course, you can still customize these settings here if you want. Yeah, you don't have to use the template as it is, but it should give you a much better starting point instead of writing this or copying this from the official documentation or creating this from scratch. You can very quickly and easily create these type of deployment templates. And of course whenever I make a future video tutorial there I will use the tool so you can directly follow this but you can enable or disable certain sections that might apply to your environment and not to mine. So I think this is really really practical. Now I want to show you some advanced features of the boiler plate CLI tool because some of you might think okay so this interactive mode might be a bit too slow and I don't want to always have to define these variables. Now you can of course also use the boiler plates tool and set some specific variables. First of all, you can change the directory. So I want to uh create a new template in Portainer 2 and I already know that I want to enable traffic for example. So I can just use the variable ports enabled false and a variable traffic enabled true. And when I hit enter, you can see that these default values are overwritten by the CLI parameters in here. So it already enabled traffic and traffic TLS. It disabled the ports. And you can still uh customize these settings if you want. Let me show you alloy. That is a bit more complicated application, but that is the open telemetry collector that gathers like process logs, metrics, traces, and stuff like that. I already made a tutorial about that. So if you want to check it out, you um I will drop you a link in the description. But as you can see, this template doesn't just create a compos.l file. It also creates a config.alloy file with preconfigured settings depending on uh what sections you enable or disable. So let us go through some of the settings here like the service name and the container name is okay. But the host name u this requires a different setting and this is needed because when alloy runs in a container it doesn't know the host name of the docker host. So you can see some of the variables have template specific explanations that will help you to understand what this is actually for. Like the host name I want to set to server pro prod one. So where this thing is running on. Yeah the the restart policy that's uh fine and ports enabled. Yeah. Okay. Let's let's enable the alloy HTTP server port. That's okay. I don't want to connect this to a different network. I don't want to enable traffic. So there we don't need it. But this section now is interesting. So this will configure lock collection for Docker containers and system locks. Now here you can enable some preconfigured sections in the alloy configuration file like configure lock collection for Docker and containers. I will say yes. Now I can set the low key endpoint. So where to send these logs to like in my alloy tutorial we used graphana Loki as a destination for sending the logs. So you can specify this address if you need to. Then you can um specifically enable only docker container lock collection. I want to say yes and system and journal ctl log collection for rubuntu. So these are the values that are currently configured. Of course we might want to add other uh settings and other preconfigured config settings. If you have some suggestions, just let me know in the GitHub repository. And yes, we also want to collect metrics uh and send these to the Prometheus endpoint and also enable this for Docker and for the system note. So this will use node exporter and the cat visor plugin in alloy. Okay, so these are the files that will be generated. Let's confirm this and then let's go into this alloy directory. Here you can see the compose file that has been generated. Very very simple. It will enable some of the commands to run the HTTP server, set the storage path, the port uh exposure and all of the volume settings that are required to collect system locks and metrics from the actual host where this container is running on. And if I say uh config alloy, you can see that this is also preconfigured. So everything that you've learned from my tutorial, everything that I've explained in my tutorial on how to collect logs and send locks to Prometheus and Loki is preconfigured here. And depending on what settings you enabled or disabled, some of the sections might be added and some others not. And still you can of course customize everything in here if you want. It's not directly deployed somewhere, which is by the way a feature that I'm currently thinking about. Yeah, it could also be nice. But as it is right now, this tool will only create the necessary files. But you will still have to go into the directories. For example, Portainer and say docker compose upcom. Yeah. So I'm not going to do this right now because I want to show you something else. For example, custom default values because some of you might find that annoying that you always have to go through all of the variables when you have some settings that always are the same. For example, on my environment, I nearly always want to use traffic. Yeah. Only in very few occurrences, I don't want to use it. And maybe the traffic network name that you used on your environment is not the same as in mine. For example, let's uh take a look the authentic uh boiler plate. So that has a lot of variables. Some of them are required. By the way, this is another section I um later will talk about. There are some secret values. Now there is a command that is called defaults and in here you can add default values that will be stored in your personal directory on the device where the CLI tool is running on. So you can say default set uh traffic enabled true and you can say traffic network uh proxy that's the network name and of course I also want to set container time zone to Europe Berlin. So I don't always have to customize the UTC time zone. Now if you want to see all your current default values, you can just um say defaults list. This will show you um the configuration settings. And you can of course also use clear, remove, uh get the values from specific item and so on. And now if I execute show authentic again, you can see that some of the default values in here have a small arrow. And so that means these values from the template will be overwritten with your own custom config. So here you can see that it automatically enables traffic and it enables traffic TLS because that's default which requires traffic. So yeah, I needed to program a lot of different logics and stuff like that. It's kind of complicated but I think with this logic it works the most intuitive and the most reasonable way. So you can see these uh values will be customized. Of course, when I generate the template, you can still uh change them, but they will be preloaded with these values every time you create a template with that has these variables. And I will also show you what will happen to these autogenerated secrets here. As you can see, this template file structure also includes two environment uh variable files authentic. ENV postgress. Uh by the way, I'm also working on a section called swarm. So when you're using uh Docker Swarm, the secrets will then be handled differently than when you're using Docker Compose. But for now, uh every secret that has this little key icon here will be treated as sensitive inside the tool and it will be usually stored in an environment variable with an autogenerated value. You can still uh add your own custom secret of course if you want, but by default it will generate a random uh string. Okay, so let's try this. Let's uh generate authentic. Um I want to customize the settings. Oh yeah, why not? Let's go through this one by one. Service name is fine. The time zone you can see is the default value that I've overwritten with my custom value. That's fine. The database now I um can uh specify if I want to connect to an external database. So if I have a Postgress or a MySQL server somewhere running um I don't want to create a new database container inside the compost tech. So it's basically up to you if you want the template to include a template for a database server. I would say no because I want to show you how that's working. Database name authentic. Yeah, that's fine. Now I can create a password. I can add a random string. So it will not be shown in here of course because it's sensitive item. But if I just hit enter, it will autogenerate one. Uh error reporting. No, the secret key is also that will be used for cookie signing and unique user ids inside authentic. Just say autogenerate. That's fine. And uh no, I don't want to enable the ports because I want to use traffic. The traffic name is proxy as I defined before. And yeah, let's just go with the default values. I just want to show uh what's happening. And uh yeah, let's generate these files. So this template also includes something else uh which is called the next steps. So I will try to add them to as many templates as I can. And there is one thing that I'm currently not really sure about how I will handle this because sometimes some templates will have some initial user passwords or something like this. Yeah, if you want to log into the web interface and you need to enter the password, I think it would be uh straightforward to show it here in the next steps. But in case of a secret key and a database password, I'm not really sure. But you can tell me your opinion uh either in the Git repository by raising an issue or tell me on Discord or in YouTube comments. You know how to contact me. I hope depending on what application it is, we can decide what we want to do. But yeah, um just to show you there are some uh next steps that might be included in a template that you can follow. As you can see here, that's the compost file. And because I said I don't want to use an external database server, it will also create a new container authentic Postgress with a Postgress database in the version that the application requires. Authentic also includes a radius database that I've not made optional because I think it's always required. Theoretically, we could also add variables for this. But I think when we make it too much, it becomes more complicated. So I want to find some balance between simplicity but high customization and this is not really easy in some templates and applications for sure but um this is the way how I treat it. So external databases might be useful or not uh radius configurations that's something you could do by hand if you want to remove this. Yeah, but it has two services, an authentic worker and an authentic server. And these include the environment files that contain the secrets. Now, if I say lsla, you can see them. And because it's just a test, it is not really important if I show this to you. But here you can see the secret value that was autogenerated. You can see the database connection strings and some other variables that are required. So yeah, that's the tool as it is today. Again there will be many many changes in the future. I will add terraform kubernetes and probably also packer anible uh whatever uh we will see how the tool evolves and it also depends a little if you use it or not. Of course I will use this in most of my future videos. If we cover some other uh applications that we didn't cover before I will use this tool to quickly generate a template you can easily follow in this video. And by the way, if you want to contribute to this, um I'm also happy about any help um from you guys as a community if you want to create or work on some of these issues and pull requests. Of course, we need to discuss it on Discord or here with comments, but feel free to help out if you want. If you're a Python programmer and you want to dive deeper into the actual architecture of this program, just have a look at the agents.md file. That also should be a hint that I used a little help from AI to write this tool. But this is all the context um that that is required by AI agents to continue working on this and it will also help you to understand a bit better how I've created this tool and what are the different components if you want to take a closer look at the source code. All right, but yeah, that's it for today. I let you go and let you play with this. I hope you like it and of course I'm going to catch you in the next video. Thank you so much for your support. If you want to sponsor this project, here is also link to my Patreon or you can become a YouTube member. That's also a huge help. Thank you so much for all the people already doing this. I think this is a great opportunity to create a huge and interesting and exciting community project. So you're here. I'm I'm really thrilled about that. Okay guys, so have a nice day and I see you in the next video. Take care. Bye.

=== Why AI will NOT replace your job! (… my opinion) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nOKa8OSu98

Hey guys, it's Christian and today I'd like to talk with you about agentic AI coding which I think is an absolutely fascinating topic that I just want to talk more about on this channel here even though I know it is kind of a controversial one these days and it seems like people are either in the AI fanboy camp. Yeah. Where creators and communities are talking every single day about this new LLM introduced by a big brand company. or you're in the AI hater camp where you just don't want to have to do anything with this crap and you just dislike every single AI video on YouTube. So yeah, it's kind of a hit or miss with this one. I know this, but I just believe that no matter which side you're on, AI is becoming a super important technology in IT that we just cannot ignore. And I know that many many people are currently concerned about AI because they are afraid of getting replaced by it. So, I thought I'm just going to share my honest and humble opinion on this because I think no, you should not be worried about getting replaced by AI and let me explain and show you why at the same time this is absolutely mind-blowing and impressive but also has a lot of issues and even introduces new problems that we weren't facing before in it. Okay guys, so first of all, I want to set the scene here and get everybody on the same page because honestly AI wasn't a major topic on this channel before. I only did three different videos about AI. Still, I think that everybody should learn about Agentic AI because this is not just a buzz word. Yeah, it's technically very different from the simple chat integrations where you just send a prompt and the AI directly responds to your inputs based on the data that it was trained on. AI agents can run tasks autonomously. So that means they can even react to outputs and inputs by using external APIs or tools that allow the LLM to do things like running commands or changing files. It can even do other complex things and file operations across your device or repositories which at the end of the day just makes the AI agent more behave like a real human or real engineer because it has access to additional context or external tools to be much more powerful than just providing simple text outputs. And I thought I'm just going to work with you on a simple example project. So here I've prepared a prompt where the objective is to create a modern and userfriendly web application focused on IT learning. So an IT course website something that I could potentially use for my YouTube channel as well. This site should cater a wide audience including beginners and advanced users offering resources like tutorials, articles, courses, and interactive content. The key features should be that it's responsive. So it natively works great on mobile devices as well as desktop devices. It should have a user authentication. It should have process tracking and the technology stack. I haven't really specified further. You could also add some specific web frameworks like React or or Node.js or things like that. But I think let the AI figure it out on its own how to write this application. I just want to make sure that it uses an SQLite database for the storage back end. So I just want to keep it super simple. By the way, of course, you can also explain AI to use a different database like MongoDB or Postgress or you can even use a gentic AI coding to change that afterwards. But with a simple prompt like this, yeah, we can just execute it. By the way, I'm using the claw for set model. We could also try it out by using GPT5. That would give me some slightly different result, of course, because every LLM has its own very specific techniques or can behave a bit different in other scenarios. But I think for most of the cases I just found out that claude for sonnet also Gemini 2.5 pro or GPD5 with medium high or low reasoning these models are really capable of riding these type of applications completely on their own. So let's just hit enter and see what's happening. And now instead of a simple chat prompt here because Warp is a true agentic AI uh coding tool, it will start making a plan. So first of all, it will create a task list with all the important things that it needs to do. So initialize a project structure uh create a package JSON there. So that's probably important for the Node.js configuration stuff like that. It even creates a new directory here and then wants to do all these things here. So I could just go on and just run each of these steps here individually. So I confirm it or what I personally u like to do more often I click on run and then I activate the auto approvement here. So that means that all the other tasks the AI agent will autonomously just execute without any confirmation from my side. So here you can see it creates this package.json. Obviously, I'm not a JavaScript expert, so I know a few things. Uh, but honestly, I couldn't write any uh application or any code of this uh quality myself without I don't know tinkering weeks and months of doing this. Yeah. So, Python might be a different game. So, there I'm a little more knowledgeable. But anyways, JavaScript is not really my uh profession. So, that's why it's probably better to use these type of tools. All right. So here we can also see the readme file. For the back end um the AI agent will use Node.js the SQLite database as I have described it in the prompt. For the front end it will use React the Tailwind CSS. This is by the way a nice framework. Uh I think that's pretty good. The React router Axios for AI communication. I have no idea what that is but hey let's see what it comes up with. So here is the structure of the directories with the backend server, the controller, the middleware, models, routers, database, the client application, API endpoints that it needs. Yeah, based on my prompt, I wanted to have a user authentication. So it creates a route for off register to register a new user, log in, log out, get profile information. And then like I described, I want um some IT courses learning platform. It created some endpoints for getting all the courses, getting specific causes. So, everything that I have described. So, um let's scroll up because it's already starting to do something. So, it created an SQLI database initialization script that will initialize the database structure with all the fields, everything that it needs to make this application functional. Some error handling, which yeah, might also be useful in some cases. So, you can just wait until this is done. probably it takes a few minutes until it's uh finished. So I'm really excited to see what it comes up with. Uh by the way, while it's doing this thing here, I can just open a new tab here and open it in VS Code. So then we can in parallel look at the files a bit better. And we can also use the GitHub copilot to continue working on this. Of course, you can use both uh tools in parallel for some tasks. I found out that the GitHub copilot or VS Code is sometimes a bit better. you can much better read and search the files for anything. You can uh specifically select some sections and and add this as context to the GitHub copilot. So for example, if you just want to change this part of the file, you can just use the hashtag symbol to say selection. That is sometimes a bit yeah simpler and more straightforward when you're working on larger projects and larger files than doing everything in warp. However, I think warp is much better for running through tasks autonomously and it's also much much better for anything that needs to be executed in your terminal. So for troubleshooting issues with your application if you're running into some error locks. It is much easier to execute these type of tasks in warp at the lock output as context for your next prompt and just tell the AI model to fix these issues. Warp is much more capable of doing these things than GitHub Copilot, at least in my opinion. So these are two really great tools, but again, as it is with all things in it, there is always the best tool for a specific job. Though that's at least my experience. All right, so it seems that it's almost complete. Now comes the interesting part here where it starts testing the application. So it runs the development server and the development client application and as you can see here there is some internal errors. So here you can see this issue. This is kind of something that went wrong during the processing. But now after some trial and error it finally works. So this is the web application that warp has completely created for us. And I think that just took like 10 or maybe 12 minutes to run through this and troubleshoot some of the initial errors. So one big problem was that it previously tried to use Tailwind CSS 4.x that had a few problems. So it automatically downgraded it to Tailwind CSS 3.x that seems to be much more stable and has better compatibility. So yeah, whatever. We just trust AI. So that's the best decision. And yeah, now it finally works. We got our application. So let's first of all test this. This is the very first time I open this. So um let's just click on start learning. So we need to register registration form coming soon. So it seems like we don't have a registration form. That's the first problem we need to fix. And also when we click on browse courses, there's nothing in here. So we don't have any courses. But I think at least the foundation for this application is working with a responsive design. Does that work? Oh yeah. So responsive design is definitely working great. And now we can continue working on this project. So we either could use warp or we could use GitHub copilot. Let's try GitHub copilot and see how that's working. You can see I'm using the same cloth sonnet model. I could also switch to something else, but let's just keep cloud for now. And let's say uh can you implement the registration page so I can register new users to my application and let's hit enter. So just like warp uh this tool again it works a bit differently but it usually does the same agentic AI coding logic. So it first of all tries to gather context from this project because we didn't work with this uh chat here before. So this application is completely new to this chat window here. So it first of all needs to gather all the files so it understands how this application is working. Therefore, it is always good that you from time to time let the AI update the readme file, especially when you made some changes. Sometimes it forgets to update the readme file and then another chat window doesn't really know what were the changes before. So, always make sure that you document as much as you can so the AI model has enough context to provide accurate responses and makes the correct decisions when it's altering files or changing code logics and stuff like that. Here it says it at least has a good understanding of the structure. So that sounds promising. Let's see and let's hope for the best. So one thing where warp is much better is to execute commands. You so you can see that GitHub copilot is also capable of executing commands to run the development server and stuff like that, but it doesn't have the same auto approval thing and it doesn't troubleshoot issues on the terminal so well. So it's more for working with an IDE. All right. So here's our registration form. Let me just fill in something. I don't really know if there are any other required fields. So ah we can uh add our programming skill level. So I might want to change this because uh this IT course website is not solely about programming. So maybe we don't need this and we could remove it. But you can see anything else looks pretty sophisticated and so as you would expect it from a professional application. So let's uh try. Okay. So dashboard is coming soon. So that's the next thing we need to implement here. obviously. So, uh yeah, let's give it a go and say imp implement dashboard as well. And while this is working, by the way, you can start more AI agents if you want. So, in case of warp for example, let's just open a new tab and let's uh implement something else because as you can see, there is no dark mode uh switcher and of course we need dark mode. So the warp AI work on something else while um the GitHub copilot is is still working on the dashboard. So add a dark mode switcher to this application. All right. And let's also set it to auto approve so it can run in the background and it can start working on this task while we are checking something else. So here you can see there's our dashboard. By the way, when you're working with multiple AI agents on the same project in Warp, you can see all the tasks from these agents here. So here, for example, uh while this is still working on the dark mode switcher, I created a new AI agent that will start implementing the course in the lessons page. So that we get up to speed a little because this is taking too long for me. All right, guys. So now everything is completed, everything works. I fixed all the issues and implemented everything. Let's take a look at the web application. So, first of all, be before my eyes are getting damaged, let's enable the new dark mode switcher. So, that's much better. Now, as you can see, uh I completely implemented a profile section, the dashboard, and we can now browse the courses. As you can see here, I've also added some example courses. Yeah. Um also the sorting functionality works. That is really amazing. For example, let's take a look at one of the courses here, Docker for beginners. That actually could be a great course uh on YouTube as well maybe. So let's enroll. It's free. Okay. And yeah, so let's start learning. It already provisioned the demo courses with actually some useful content in here. So your first docker command. So that's great mark as complete. And now I could add more pages to this. Of course, this I haven't implemented yet, but I could if I technically wanted to do this. And it took me about 15 minutes to roughly an hour to get through all of this because I needed to fix a bunch of issues and go through many different iterations to get everything working. However, I've done all of this entirely with AI without actually writing just a single line of code by myself. And this is really impressive and I can definitely see why some people are worried about getting replaced by AI. However, if we just take a look behind the curtain, we can still see so many different issuers created by this. By the way, this what we've just done together has a specific term. This is called VIPE coding. And this is a method of coding primarily driven through AI tools where developers often like non-technical people like me if I don't know this programming language can create applications with even limited understanding of the underlying code or the structure. So yeah with white coding many many people can create applications fully functional applications really without actually understanding what they are doing. At the one side, this is really great because I think it enables a wider audience of nontechnical people to bring their ideas to life even without understanding programming and using AI tools. However, it also should hopefully raise many alarm bells. This is like programming or working with a black box. This obviously has many challenges when it comes to code quality and robustness, security risks. Yeah, we probably even don't know if there are any security risks within our application because we're not familiar with all the packages and dependencies. Are there any security vulnerabilities in these versions? Where did these version numbers come from? Maybe AI just came up with these versions because it was used in some of their old legacy training data. We actually don't know. And this is becoming a huge problem not just for this application that's running right now but because AI assisted tools will create and produce much more source code without actually someone experience taking a look at this code and preventing any bad things from happening. But it's also introducing many many challenges to people or even organizations that implement these vibe coding techniques to their day-to-day work because they become a lot more dependent on these AI tools and when something does not work somewhere inside who actually knows where to look for and what to look for. So you solely are dependent on these tools and that of course is introducing many problems with limited customizations also ethical and legal concerns because you don't really know uh where this code is coming from and if you have the rights if it was copied from some training data from a closed source repository or if it came from an open source repository you can never really be sure. So again, while I'm still a big fan of VIP coding. Honestly, I use this technique a lot to create some scripts and tools. I I really love this. I'm not fully against it, but I'm definitely aware of the big challenges and the big problems coming with it. So I think we can learn a lot or predict a few things based on these observations here that we just did. And my assumption is that of course these techniques are going to be used in the industry and AI assisted tools even vibe coding is becoming more and more popular and people are just going to build applications with it if you like it or not. Yeah, things are going to happen and of course that might have some implications on people's jobs and beginner jobs that we probably will see reduce in numbers. Yeah, be because why would you hire a junior developer that uh creates a simple application when you can use AI to do that in a few minutes? But at the end of the day, you cannot solely delegate every task to an AI model. As you can see here, we did a lot of manual fixing, a lot of bugs that we needed to troubleshoot. And of course, we needed to somehow tell the AI model what it actually should build. An AI cannot think creatively and just come up with uh how to create such a learning platform. You need to somehow control and define what type of features and capabilities you want to have in this application. You probably also need somewhat more experience to tell what is the right technology stack to build an application on. You of course you can uh just let the AI do this for you, but then it's becoming more a gamble than a sophisticated decision. So the AI revolution is coming if you want it or not. Yeah. Companies will adapt to this. Yeah. But I think they can't do everything through these automated tools. They still need some human engineers working on these uh things, coordinating stuff, getting the chaos under controls, troubleshooting issues. It still requires manual planning and uh some auditing and review of this code. it probably even becomes more challenging because there's a lot more code that is currently produced by AI tools. So you need more people to review more code. Actually, by the way, there's even a new job raising these days that's called the VIP coding cleanup specialists. So companies and freelancers are already making a business of reviewing and auditing this shitty code and getting this to a more stable and solid product. So you can see even if there are a few jobs going away or replaced by AI there are new challenges and new jobs are going to be created. So what I want to say with this even if agentic AI coding becomes kind of the standard how we develop software in IT I would not say that you should be afraid of losing your job I will just say this yeah don't try to argue against AI don't try to argue against this technology and this evolution it's going to happen it's going to take things over. People are going to do vibe coding if you like it or not. So you should not ignore this. You should start learning this. You should start familiarize yourself with these technologies. Learn how to work with these tools. Maybe build some example projects yourself. I think now is the best time to play around with this. And I think that's ultimately the best strategy to stay in the game. But just like I said in the beginning, it's really just my humble and honest opinion. Yeah, maybe you have a completely different view on this. So I would like to open the discussion and please let me know in the comments what do you think about agentic AI coding. What do you think about all these technologies and what's your opinion on this? But I hope I inspired you to try out a few things and experiment with it. So I'll let you go and of course I'm going to catch you in the next video. So stay tuned for more tutorials. And a big thanks goes out to all my supporters and members. You guys are really amazing. Thanks everybody for watching. I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Manage Authentik Resources in Terraform ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6koN4ZmbOY

Hey everybody, this is Christian with a new automation tutorial. Today's one is about managing our authentic resources in Terraform. And Authentic is, for those of you who don't already know, a free and open source identity provider that I'm personally using in my home lab to centralize all my user management and protect any type of application with a strong and secure authentication service. It's an incredible application, but also sometimes a bit painful to configure because in order to make this work, you need to set up many different things like adding outposts for all the different environments, adding a provider configuration, an app configuration. If you've watched my authentic tutorial, you probably know what I'm talking about. And by the way, if you didn't watch the authentic tutorial, then go and do this first. Otherwise, it might be a bit harder to follow this one. So, I hope you're up for some automation stuff. Let's do this together. But before we jump right in, I also quickly want to talk about my absolute favorite tool for remote access called Twingate, the sponsor of today's video. Because Twing is always my first choice when I need to log into my HomeLab servers from outside, like if I want to manage all of my administrative tools or log into SSH. It's a fast, secure, and damn simple solution. It is what we in it call ZTNA, a zero trust network access platform that establishes secure connections between all of your devices and it always has to be verified and authorized otherwise Twate won't let the requests go through. The cool thing about Twing is that this technology even works through N devices and firewalls without any port for warnings or firewall exceptions required. So, you just install the Twin Gate connector within your local network and then you can just securely log into all of your local devices no matter where you are and where you're connecting from. If you'd like to learn more about Twingate, then check out my videos on how to install it and set it up in your network. Integrate it into Docker Kubernetes or DevOps using Terraform. It is super cool and completely free for up to five users. Connects to 10 different remote networks. So, what are you waiting for? Just try it out now. Of course, I'll drop you a link to Twate in the description box down below. All right, guys. So, now let's get started and let's start learning how to configure authentic resources in terraform. So, as you might know from watching my other authentic tutorials. So, this is the main platform where we can log into the administrative interface where we can see our outpost. So for each of the different Docker or Kubernetes environments that I'm managing in my home lab, I needed to create a new outpost so that the main centralized authentic instance can forward the authentication requests to the individual Docker or Kubernetes networks inside the clusters. And of course, when you need to add a new application, you first of all need to set up a provider depending on if you need a proxy provider that integrates well with your traffic reverse proxy or maybe you use XML provider or O of Open ID connect these type of things depending on what the application supports. And then when you created a new provider for each application, you also need to create an application configuration. And in case of a traffic reverse proxy, also move or assign your authentication providers to an individual outpost depending on where you have deployed your application. And of course, this type of configuration is not really intuitive. That's why I also made a video about it. But what I really hated the most is for all of my applications that I wanted to manage, I needed to go into this administrative web interface of authentic, I needed to create all the things here, copy and paste configuration entries and going back and forth. If you know me guys, I absolutely hate this. I love to configure everything in infrastructure is code in one central place. ideally the repository where I have all of my configuration files and I could use CI/CD tools and other automation uh technologies to make the configuration more declarative and that's just simplifying this stuff for you. All right, the cool thing is that authentic has a terraform provider. You just need to go to the terraform registry and search for go authentic. Here you can see this is officially maintained by the makers of authentic. So that means when you have an existing Terraform project that deploys something in your infrastructure, you can just throw in authentic in the mix, you can create tokens for this application. You can assign tokens to this project. You can even manage the outpost and provider configurations. That's of course going to make things a lot easier. I want to show you one example project that I've already uh deployed on my infrastructure. This is just deploying a simple engineext web server just as an example. So how we can um add secure authentication to any web application even if it doesn't support or off or open ID connect. So as you can see this project already deployed a docker swarm stack. Let me quickly switch to my terminal and log into my server where this docker stack is running. If we try to connect to this you can also see the web server is running but currently we can just access this application without any authentication or user login. And that's what we want to change using authentic. All right. So first of all, let me extend my current Terraform project that I'm using to deploy this engineext uh server using the Portainers provider. By the way, this is also one of the topics that I've shown you in a previous tutorial. Now let's go back to the documentation. First of all, we need to of course um configure the required provider settings. I'm just going to copy these parts here from the official documentation and add the authentic provider here into my config file. All right, it should be this version here. Maybe it should actually match the version that I have deployed in my home lab. So this is the 2564. So maybe we'll just use that version that should be uh compatible with what I'm running right now. And then of course we need to configure the provider. We need to add the URL where authentic is accessible. So here let's add authentic configuration. And of course we're going to change this here to the offome.crave.de. So this is my local DNS record that again points to the main authentic platform service. Of course, we also need to add a token to securely authenticate to the authentic platform. Just to quickly show you how that's uh working, you just go to the directory, go to tokens and app passwords. And here you need to create a new token for your administrative user allowing API token. So that is used to access the API of authentic programmatically can enable or disable an expiry date. And once you got your token, you need to put it in here or how I would like to do it. I I will create a new variable authentic API token that we need to define somewhere here or in a separate variables file. So create the new variable object. Make sure this is from a type sensitive. So it is not yeah exposed in the lock entries or something like this. And it's of course a string. And then we can add it to the secrets.au.tfr. TFRs. So we don't have to load this always using environment variables. It is automatically loaded when we execute the Terraform or open TOFO commands from my local device. By the way, if you are not using trusted TLS certificates using traffic, you maybe want to enable this here the insecure true uh setting to the authentic provider. So this makes sure that the certificates are not verified. And then the next thing that we need to do in our project directory, we first of all um need to upgrade the already initialized project. If you are initializing a new project, of course, you can just execute tofu in it. But because it is an already initialized Terraform project, we need to add the upgrade flag. Okay. So now it seems that it doesn't have an available release that matches my version here. So maybe we need to go back to the um authentic providers page and check what are the different versions here. Okay, seems that it doesn't have that specific version. It only has 6.0. So let me just change that this value and let's try it again. So now it should find the version and install the authentic uh provider inside the Terraforms directory. All right. So now let's first of all uh execute a plan command to see if we have any changes that we need to take care of. No changes. The infrastructure matches the configuration. That's perfect. We can now start creating new resources. The next steps that we would have to do in authentic manually is go into the web interface, create a new provider from the proxy type, then set up a forward off with an external host matching our URL where we access the web application. Then we would have to go into the applications menu and create a new application linked to our provider where we can configure certain aspects of this application like a launch URL. We can add an icon, a name and things like that. Now let's automate these two steps here using the authentics terapform provider. The good news is that authentic has many different resources for doing this. Under the application resources, you will find an authentic provider proxy resource. So you can see depending on what provider type you need it has different resource types. So so for open ID connect you need to use something different but in case of our proxy provider I think we can just copy this small example here and let's go into my project and let's create a new authentic app or something like this. Yeah the the name of the file actually doesn't matter. All right so now first of all we need to change a few obvious things here. For example, the name I just want to replace this here with engineext simple so that it matches our uh Portainer stack name as well. Then we also need to query a specific authorization flow. So if you know authentic has different authorization flows here. You can see it here. It has an implicit explicit consent. Usually when you install authentic by default it creates these uh authentication flows for you just in case of passwordless you would have to create some stuff manually but mostly if you just uh need the default values you probably don't want to manage these in terraform you just want to import the existing configuration that came from the default settings and the way you do this is by just using a data object so that just queries the the object's configuration or the resource configuration from the infrastructure. So here for example the default authorization flow. This is the default provider authorization implicit consent. That by the way matches to the provider's configuration. If you always have to explicitly give your consent to log in to the application or if it's an implicit one that means it doesn't show you the consent window when you are already logged into authentic. It just forwards the request. I always use the implicit consent mostly because that saves me one click. But of course you could choose either uh the one or the another. So in our example it's already set to implicit consent. That's what I like. Perfect. So we can just keep that. But of course I want to give this application a different name. I want to replace test name with engineext simple. That's also kind of obvious. And I what I also want to change here currently this example assumes that uh we would just select the proxy external host and internal host configuration. But in case of the traffic reverse proxy integration, I want to use the forward off with a single application setting. So that just has an external host field and doesn't require you to set up the internal host. Now um if I return to the um documentation, you can see that the external host is mandatory or it's required and the internal host not, but only if you set the mode to forward signals. So that matches this setting here. Now that's what we need to change. So let's go back in here and let's change the mode to forward signal. All right. And then we don't need the internal host. We can just get rid of it and set the external host to the URL where the application is accessible. In my case, uh if I remember correctly, I can just access the web server here with this URL. So just going to put that in here and yeah authorization flow that is our object that we have just queried here that's fine and that's the provider proxy object. So next we need the application. So when we go in here application we just create one where we link our provider that we have created and yeah let's just go with the minimal configuration. If uh we take a look at the example here it's already properly configured. There's just a protocol provider that we of course need to set to the authentic provider proxy resource because I changed the name of the object. I also need to replace it here otherwise it wouldn't find it. All right, before we go on and configure the application, enable the middleware and so on, I first of all want to test if the resources are created correctly. Execute a tool plan command first. Okay, so here you can see there is one thing that I missed. Invalidation flow is required but no definition was found. That's probably because I changed the mode to forward single. So then it needs a token validity. So that's a required setting in the UI and also advanced flow setting here. Invalidation flow. This is also required. You can see there is another object that we need to query. That's the default provider invalidation flow. So what we need to do is we need to create another flow here. But we're going to change the name to default invalidation flow. And according to the documentation, there should be something within validation flow. Ah, it is even required. So why is it not existing in this example and here? Seems like they made a small mistake here because it's required. It should be here in our example as well. But anyway, I don't care. Let's just add it in validation flow and set this to our resource that we just queried here. Oh, it works. And yep, you can see. So, no, we got no error. That's already a good sign. And you can see optofer will try to create two resources here. That's our application and our provider proxy. So, let's run a tofu apply command and just do an auto approve. So yeah, you can see it's just uh done already in not a second. So it's really fast and it created the resources. Let's go back to the authentic uh web interface because here we should see our provider. Ah there it is. Engineex simple. We only get a warning here that means the application is not used by any outpost. If you've watched my authentic traffic video, you know that we need to do two more things here. We need to go into the application deployment and enable the middleware here. The cool thing is because we're managing this deployment as well in terraform in the same repository or in the same project. We can make all the necessary changes just here. That is really the beauty of if you're managing everything in terraform. You don't have to go to different places and change things in a different repository or different config or web interface. Can all do it from one central place here. That's really nice. So, let's add the middleware object in here. We just add a new label for this where we set the router of traffic and enable the middleware. Set this to authentic pro one using the file providers inside the traffic configuration. I've created here authentic pro one middleware that will forward the authentication request to the outpost that is running on the same docker host or on the same docker swarm cluster where our application and where traffic is running. The only thing that I missed here is that the name is a bit different. So good that I catched this error here. Authentic pro one middleware I and not just authentic pro one. So let's go back to our project and let's update the middleware name to say authentic one middleware at file. All right. So this is everything we need to do in the deployment. And because we're managing it in the same terraform or open tofu project I can just execute the tofu apply auto approve command. Again you can see that it automatically uh recognizes okay there is a change in the labels configuration of the docker stack. So I need to redeploy the docker stack with this configuration label. All right let's try to open a new connection to the engineext server. So now we can see that our middleware is active. We only got one problem here that is no app for the host name and that comes from the authentic outpost because that's the second thing we need to do. we need to add the provider to the authentic outpost where the request is forwarded to. So if we go back to authentic, you also see this warning here. That is something that you can forget sometimes. Yeah. Um you do it this way. You just go to outpost, go to the authentic outpost where the request is arriving, go to edit and then move the engineext simple or the or the provider that we've created into the selected applications update. And then if we go back to our testing service, let's uh refresh. You can see we're not directly accessing the engineext web server. We first of all need to log in to authentic to get access to it. Just going to add in my credentials here. Continue. And then we are logged into our EngineX web server. Now you could technically manage this resource in terraform as well because there is a resource for authentic outpost. But the problem with this is if you have deployed authentic resources in separate repositories, you cannot manage the authentic outpost in each of them because one might introduce a change that isn't reflected in the others. You can automate 90% of this by just creating all the necessary resources and then you just need to remember ah okay once I created the resources I need to go into the web interface I need to edit the outpost and change the configuration here manually. So that's the only thing that is a bit unfortunate. It would be easier if there would just be an outpost assignment that you manage in the provider settings here but that's unfortunately not possible. Anyways, I think it is still great. It still makes things for me a lot easier because I can automate 90% of this and manage all the application specific resources in a single repository. Like if I want to deploy a new application, I can create a repository for this application. I can create the stack, maybe add the DNS record because I've also managed this entra form. By the way, another video project that you should take a look at if you haven't done it already. And I can add 90% of the authentic configuration resources that are necessary for this application inside the same repository. Or why am I doing it this way? Because of application life cycle. So when I need to destroy this application, I can just go in my terminal and I say tofu destroy. This will not destroy the application stack. It will also destroy all the other related resources for this application. and nothing is being left on any of my infrastructures. So, it's really destroying the entire application life cycle. And that's why I absolutely love infrastructure as code. And I think it's making the authentic config so much easier. But now it's your turn. So, please tell me, do you like this approach? Do you already use Terraform to manage these resources? And if not, I hope I gave you some inspiration for it. Of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Big thanks goes out to all of my supporters. You guys are just amazing. And I see you in the next one. Take care.

=== Is Portainer still the best Docker and Kubernetes Management Platform? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr0LCFEc-Xk

Hey guys, Christian here. Today, let's check out some of the new features in the Docker and Kubernetes management platform Portainer. Because Portainer recently did a rebranding with new colors, a new logo, but beyond the new and shiny look of their website, they also improved in some technical areas in their management application. So, I thought it's just about time that we take a look together. Even though I haven't really used Portainer a lot in the recent past, but since I enabled the Docker Swarm mode on some of my home lab servers, by the way, check out the Docker Swarm video if you haven't done it already. There, I just realized Portainer is a huge help because it's great to manage Docker Swarm clusters. And I've also tried out a few unexplored features like the Portainer's Terraform provider which brings some interesting automation capabilities to that system that really made me think if I should use it more often in the future. We will see. But at least I thought let's do a quick run through together. Let's check out the new features beyond the rebranding and review some automation features I haven't really covered yet on my channel. And by the way, if you are managing containers, clusters, and maybe other services in your infrastructure, it's also important to monitor these systems and of course get notified about any bottlenecks or problems. So that's why you should use Czech K, the sponsor of today's video. Checkm is a comprehensive IT monitoring platform that is scalable, automated, and highly extensible. With over 2,000 licensed plugins, it can monitor nearly all of your network components across different manufacturers, and it has many advanced capabilities like auto discovery with preconfigured thresholds and rules, custom plugins. The features are just insane. Furthermore, it creates stunning visualizations, has dynamic dashboards with logs and event monitoring that really allow you to drill into all of the details of your infrastructure. It is really super cool. I'm personally using the free and open source raw edition of Czechm in my home lab which I already did some videos on. So definitely check them out if you like. And if you want to use Czechm in your company's infrastructure to monitor your production systems, they have many options to deploy a self-hosted solution or use their cloud service offerings. Of course, I will put your link to Czechm and my tutorials in the description box down below. All right, guys. Let's check out the rebranded Portainers website. Honestly, I'm a little upset they didn't took the chance to enable a dark mode by default, but as you can see, they got a new logo. They got new purple colors and a new design. You can clearly see that they shifted their focus a little more to the enterprise field and the enterprise customers with a big partnership to Folkswagen, by the way, is a nice car, and some other big partnerships and brands. So you can definitely see they follow a pattern here in the open-source uh business community. More and more companies are going into that direction. They start with open-source projects because they get a lot of funding. But after a few years when they need to become profitable, they start putting some features behind pay walls and they start uh introducing enterprise plans and shift their focus a little into that direction. However, my honest opinion about this is I think it is still a fair deal because they have the home and student license for $150 a year, which is similar to other offerings that you will find. For example, unrade has a similar license model. At the end of the day, maintaining an application, developing new features, hiring engineers, and stuff like that just costs money, so somebody needs to pay it. And I think if they let the enterprise companies pay the most money and it gives us the ability with some free community editions or home and student licenses to get these cool features and use it in our home lab environment. Well, I think there's nothing wrong about this. However, you can really see they kind of like hide their community edition a little though it is still active of course. So if you go to the main navigation, go to resources and there you will find the Portainer CE edition that brings us to the git repository where we can find instructions and you see the Portainer community edition that is the lightweight uh platform that is still open source and you can still install without any limitations in your home lab. I personally I'm also using the community edition and not the home and student license. But you can really decide for yourself if you want to use the free community edition or you want to pay for the home and student license that has the same features as the business one. So it's basically up to you. Uh by the way if you want to install Portainer or install the community edition is also pretty uh simple. You just go to their documentation. So there you still find the instructions how to set up a Portainer community edition as a Docker standalone version, Docker Swarm. Uh you can even manage Potman though not all features are supported there as far as I know. But hey, at least you can do it if you're preferring Portman over Docker. And of course you can also install and even manage Kubernetes. What is pretty cool if you install Portainer, it doesn't really matter where you install it. If you install this as a standalone container, Swarm, Potman or Kubernetes, you can still manage all of these environments from one central Portainer instance. So I can show you when you go to environments, you can just easily add a new environment, then select the environment you want to manage and then start the wizard where you can select between the different management possibilities. either use the Portainer agent which is definitely the recommended way to manage any uh environments but you can still connect using the API or the docker socket that's sometimes useful for standalone containers or you can use the edge agents so that is useful if you want to manage environments where you can't directly connect to so you deploy the edge agent somewhere and then it connects backwards to your Portainer's instance otherwise the agent you will initiate the connection from Portainer to your environments. And here you can find the commands in instructions. Just copy the commands, deploy the agent on your Docker Swarm cluster or your Kubernetes cluster. And then add the environment address where the Portainer agent is accessible and it connects from the management platform to that remote environment. By the way, if you want to have a tutorial about how to set up Portainer yourself, you can refer to the official documentation. But of course, you can also check out my GitHub boiler plates. So there I'm managing templates to deploy Portainer in a standalone Docker compos. And I'm currently also working on some improvements for the boiler plates to add some more environments like Kubernetes or Docker Swarm uh to deploy Portainer there as well. Okay. But if you're already a Portainer user, you will know all this stuff. As you can see here, I'm currently managing a Docker standalone container, the server pro uh 7. I'm managing a Kubernetes cluster and a Docker Swarm cluster with that. So I'm really managing every container orchestration platform that I'm deploying my home lab and I think this is really great. Let me show you some of the new features uh for Kubernetes because their Portainer definitely had some large room for improvement and they really introduced some useful stuff here. The most interesting one for me is the new Helm chart integration. You can easily now manage any Helm charts that you have deployed on your Kubernetes cluster. No matter if you have done that from Portainer itself or if you're using the Helm CLI tools or any other uh deployment tools, you can still open this. For example, when I go to my assert manager Helm chart, you can see all of the details here. Um, you can upgrade to the latest version. You can do roll backs and you can even inspect some of the important stuff like the resources like all of the objects that this Helm chart has deployed on your Kubernetes cluster. You can see and inspect. You can even open them when you click on describe and it will show you the uh manifest of these objects. And for troubleshooting, you can drill into the events. You can also see the Helm values of the chart. the custom values that you have uh um deployed this chart with. I think this is really incredibly useful. Uh but you can also deselect the userdefined ones. Then you see all of the values that are possible and can customize them, update the deployment and yeah that is really great to manage any application and then of course you can even roll back to previous revisions. So, Portainer really improved a lot in Helmchart management. That honestly made this uh platform a lot more useful to me when managing my Kubernetes cluster because I'm mostly deploying everything in Helm charts. You can also now see the ingress objects and service objects. One thing that is a bit unfortunate though, you only see the Kubernetes standard ingress objects. You don't see the traffic ingress objects. So the ingress routes unfortunately that's something that Portainer still needs to improve. However, you can now see most of the Kubernetes standard resources like config secrets volumes that was possible before but now you can also see chron jobs and jobs service accounts cluster roles and roles. So you can really now drill into all of the important resources in your cluster and that is really great for Kubernetes management. But uh Portainer also did some great stuff when it comes to container uh management with Docker. So for both the swarm and the standalone, I think these features to be fair have been implemented in Portainer quite some time ago. There was not so much new stuff. However, because I just recently became a new swarm fan or a swarm user, um I haven't explored many of the swarm features in Porta before because I couldn't use them. But now since I enabled Docker Swarm, I can now see all of the swarm stacks. You can even see the type here if it's swarm or compost. What is pretty nice. What is still a bit unfortunate in Portainer and I really hate this that you still can't control stacks or services that you have created outside of Portainer. So you can see them, you can uh inspect some of the details, but you cannot make any edits to this. Um that's still a limitation in Portainer that really bothers me to be honest. Um here you can see there is a swarm stack that I have deployed using Portainer. The there I have total control. So I can uh go into all of the details. I can edit uh all of the details and redeploy it make updates and so on. But that again is not possible for any externally created stacks. And that was really the one and only reason why I didn't want to use Portainer a lot in the past because sometimes I might want to use automation tools like GitLab CI where I'm executing some Docker CLI commands or I'm using any other automation tools to create my stacks and then I can later not manage them in Portainer. However, I think I found kind of a solution to that because I recently found the Portainer's Terraform provider and Terraform is, as you might know from watching some of my other videos, my absolute favorite automation tool or platform because there I'm managing many many of my projects. And that kind of solves the problem of when I'm using GitLab CI/CD or other automation pipelines, I can now use a standardized tool to deploy my Docker compos stacks or my Docker Swarm STS, but I still later have total control over this. So I think this is pretty cool and I thought let me quickly show you how to do this because it is really damn simple. By the way, if you're not familiar with Terraform, of course, I've made tutorials about that. So definitely check out my Terraform videos. then you really know how to use this. But it's actually not that difficult. You just install the open tofu or terraform CLI tools on your local device and then create the providers file, initialize a new project. Why not? Let's do this quickly together. I think that's super easy. So let's just uh create a new directory. For example, let's deploy a simple engineext uh server on my Docker Swarm cluster using Terraform. So let's CD into this and open this project. So here we will always start with a provider.tf. So this is the terraform file where we just need to paste in the provider main configuration. So let's just grab that. And now in the Portainers uh provider settings we of course need to configure the authentication. So we need the Portainer endpoint. This is the main URL of the Portainer instance. So in my case this is Portainerome.creative.de. Then we need the API key which we usually don't want to store in clear text in this terraform file. So therefore I would create a new variable called portainer API key which of course has the type string and is uh sensitive. Yes. And we can later on load this from environment variables or when we create a secrets do audo.tfvs file. So these uh are variables that you can exclude from your git repository and will automatically be loaded into the Terraforms uh project. So just use the same variable name as you defined here API key and then put your API key in here. Of course I'm not going to show this to you right now. By the way, if you have trouble authenticating because you're not using a trusted TLS certificate, you can also set the skip SSL verify to true. So then it's not verifying the SSL certificate of your Portainers instance because I'm using traffic and trusted TLS certificates. Um I can set this to false and then we have everything uh to initialize the project. So let's go back to the terminal. And uh now it's depending on if you have installed the terraform commands or if you have installed open tofu which is a fork of the previous open source version of terraform. No because they changed to this business available license again. Let's not get into licensing. I've made a separate video about open tofu. So check that out if you want. But you can use terraform or open tofu. It's mostly kind of the same. So let's initialize a new project that will now um create a new terraform folder. download the Portainers provider when you configured everything correctly and once the project has been successfully initialized we can now start creating our resources. So to do that let's go back to the documentation here in the resources you can see everything that you can create through terraform. So you can see there's really a lot can manage Docker secrets for Docker Swarm. You can manage Docker volumes with it. You can even manage Kubernetes objects, Kubernetes applications. So you can install Helm charts through uh Portainer when using the Terapform provider. That's pretty cool. I really didn't know that it was that capable. So I absolutely love this. If you want to deploy Docker standalone uh projects or if you want to deploy uh Docker Swarm stacks, you can use the Portainer stack resource. So this works for both standalone swarm or even kubernetes. That is really nice. Here are some examples for deploying docker standalone stacks from a string. So you just uh take this object and then you put your compose file between these EOT uh delimiters or what you can also do is you can deploy this from a git repository uh with automatic updates. So that is really nice. If you change the configuration on the Git repository, it will pull down the latest versions and automatically deploy this using Portainer. But for now, I just want to deploy a swarm stack uh using a simple string. So here uh let's go to VS code. Uh I'm usually creating a new file for this uh just for easier management. So Portainer stack.tf. And here we can paste in the example. And because I'm lazy, I'm just going to let the GitHub copilot do this for me. That's going to be a lot easier. Now, one thing is uh something that you need to adjust manually. That is the endpoint ID. So, the endpoint ID is the unique identifier of the Portainer environment where you want to deploy this stack on. So when we go back to the web interface of Portainer and we go to environments and you take a look at the address bar you can see right after the endpoint slash and number the 25 that is the unique ID of the environment that we have opened. So if we go back to VS code just put in the number 25 and I think that everything is all right. So yeah I could now let AI deploy this for me but I'm just going to show you how to do it manually. it's probably be much more valuable for a tutorial. So, let's first of all run the tofu plan command. So, that will tell me, okay, there's one change. We want to deploy a new swarm stack um to the environment 25. So, let's just run the apply and confirm this. Yes. And now it's communicating with Portainer and it's creating the Docker stack. Here you can see creation was successful. If we now go back to Portainer and select my docker swarm cluster, we should see a new stack in here. Here you can see this is the engineext test one and you can also see that we have total control over this stack because we have deployed it using Portainer just not the web UI but we've used open tofu or terraform to automate that for us and we can still go in here we can delete the stack we can stop it we have the editor to change anything inside and of course you should not really do this from the web UI if you're using automation tools I know but I think it is still great that you have this uh full visibility of the services and the stack configuration or the stack file and you can now use any other automation platform or any automation tool using Terraform or open TUFU to deploy anything or change anything on your Portainer's configuration. That honestly makes Portainer a lot more attractive to me. The only problem of course is if I for whatever reason want to switch from Portainer to something else. So I am probably even more into this vendor lock in uh and dependent on Portainer. So that's a decision you need to make for yourself if you want to build all your automation pipelines on Portainer and trust this tool and use it or if you prefer any other tools to manage your environments. I personally will use Portainer a lot more in the future because of these automation capabilities and it's making things a lot easier for me. You can see how fast it is to deploy anything in an automated way. I really like this a lot. But that's of course just my personal opinion. Now I would like to hear yours. So let me know in the comments what do you think about the new Portainer after the rebranding. Does it now have some more interesting features? Do you like the automation and stuff like that? I would really love to hear from you. And as always, thank you so much for watching. Check out some of the other videos on my channel. And thank you so much for all the supporters. You guys are really amazing. And of course, I'm catching you all in the next video. and take care. Bye-bye.

=== Self-hosted automation for EVERYTHING! // n8n Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUmo6AviDxQ

Hey everybody, this is Christian with another HomeLab tutorial. Today's one is about the self-hosted automation platform N8N that I just recently tried out. And guys, what can I say? This is an absolutely amazing platform that you can use to automate literally everything. And it is super simple to use. If you know tools like Zapia or if this then that this works pretty similar. It has an interactive low code builder where you can drag and drop or connect certain elements to create stunning automation pipelines for various types of use cases such as IT operations, sec ops, dev ops, sales. The possibilities are really endless. For example, I've just automated my social media posting by connecting my notion database that I use for manage all of my video project and then send out social media posts to various platforms [music] like Discord, X, LinkedIn or connect any other application or platform that I want, which really helps me to save so much time. But of course, you can expand this to any other use case that you want. Today, I'm going to show you how to install this in your HomeLab completely self-hosted and how you can connect multiple applications and platforms and use some of the N8N's built-in data transformation nodes or the JavaScript expressions to build exactly what you need. I think for people interested in automation, this is definitely [music] the platform that you should take a look now. So, let's just do it together. But before we start, let me quickly introduce you to another incredible tool that I'm using called AUFlow, the sponsor of today's video. [music] Because AIFlow simplifies your project and time management by combining time blocking and integrations into [music] one intuitive platform, you can use it to organize your entire schedule and boost your productivity by just dragging and dropping tasks directly into your calendar. For example, I'm always using this to plan my day whenever I'm working on my tech projects or making YouTube videos to just keep track of all the important things that I have to do. And what I personally like the most about Echiflow is that it seamlessly integrates into all of my favorite tools such as Gmail, Slack, Notion, and of course, [music] it can integrate into many others, which is really great for somebody like me who is always juggling around different projects at the same time. And I can easily synchronize my notion databases into EIFlow, update the items, and then it synchronizes back again. And what is also pretty cool in Echlow, it has an AI co-pilot that really learns your habits and auto assigns task for you. So if you would like to boost your productivity and organize your tasks and projects, then definitely check out Flow. It's a really great tool for that. And of course, I will leave you a link in [music] the description box down below. Okay guys, so now let's get started with N8N and let's build some amazing automations. Now, first of all, we have to install this, of course. So, let's check out the documentation. By the way, in this tutorial, we are only covering the self-hosted community edition. If you are preferring a cloud service offering for whatever reason, then you should definitely check out the pricing. They have different tiers for their cloud service, and they even have some business and enterprise licenses for their self-hosted versions if you're using that in a company, for example. These are the usual features that these type of tools like to put behind a payw wall. But if you're an individual person or maybe a small tech team and you just want to use editn in a controlled private environment, maybe in your home lab or somewhere else, you can just use the free community edition. So just check out the documentation and there you'll find some great installation tutorials, some guides how to configure it, how to add users, authentication, how to deal with scaling and securing. We're not going through all of these items in this video, but what I definitely would recommend you, you definitely should set this up in Docker. This is also what the NAN team recommends for self-hosting because it's providing a clean and isolated environment for the entire automation platform to run. And of course, you can use Docker Desktop if you want to install this on your local Mac, Windows or Linux, or use the Docker engine and Docker Compose to deploy this on your home lab server or whatever. If you're not familiar with Docker, then you definitely should check out my Docker tutorials. There I'm explaining all of this stuff. Of course, I'm always preferring to write my own Docker Compose template that I will later put on my new website Christianer.te or my GitHub boiler plates repository. So, you don't need to write down all of this stuff while watching this video. Here, I have already prepared the templates. By the way, there are just a few things that you really should take care of. The first uh thing is that you should always set the time zone. correctly because this is needed uh when you're later on scheduling tasks that you of course don't want to run them at the wrong time also. So definitely check out the time zone. This is really important. And also if you're not using a reverse proxy like traffic, you have to disable the N8N secure cookie. If you're using traffic, you can just ignore this because then you can protect N8N behind a secure reverse proxy with trusted TLS certificates. If you have watched my traffic tutorial videos, you definitely should know how this is working. So just uncomment these labels, connect it to the traffic network and you should also change the N8N editor base URL. Now for this tutorial I will just deploy this on my Mac using a docker compos project and ORP stack. So we're not going into the traffic specifications or I'm also just using a simple SQLite database which is the default. But if you prefer a reliable database back end with Postgress, you can also unccomment these environment variables, put in your credentials to connect to a database and then you can also use it with Postgress. However, the most simple version is the small template that I'm showing you right now. So this will just make sure that there is a persistent Docker volume where we can store the data. This is needed for the SQLite database and I'm just running this on my local device. Anything else is kind of standard. So if you're not familiar with any of the Docker or traffic or Postgress specifications, check out my other tutorials, check out my bowler plates templates and then you should know how this is all working. All right, so I think this is everything that we need. We can just deploy this. So let's go to my local N8 directory. Of course, I should start or stack before otherwise it's not working. and uh then just run a docker compos up-d to run it in the background. We can also check the logs if everything is all right and if the application is starting and now we can open the application in the browser. So just open the editor URL that you have configured and that will start the initial setup where we have to enter our email address first name last name and add a strong password. Then N8N will also ask you a few question for a survey. I don't know if that's really important, but if you select I'm not using N8N for work, then you can ignore just all of the other settings. Maybe just add YouTube here when you heard about it from my YouTube video. That is nice. And then what is also pretty cool, they offer you to get paid features for free. I think it's not really necessary, but hey, if you can get it for free, just add your email address and then click send me a free license key. I've done this on my production environment for example and that adds a workflow history advanced debugging this can be pretty useful in some scenarios so why not do this so here for this demo I'm just going to skip it and this is the main overview dashboard of N8N all right so if you're just starting with this platform as you can imagine uh when automating stuff it's becoming very specific so it's not really easy to show a tutorial where everybody just says oh yeah nice that you show this oh I can use this in my environment because every environment and every person is different. You will likely have different use cases. You will not use the same tools and platforms like me and you might have something completely different in mind, but that's fine. You can just use one of their templates. So, if you click on templates here, it will show you over 5,610 workflow automation templates that other people have already created and shared. So these you can I would say use as a source of inspiration to just find out how other people have done several things and you can just check out how things generally work. But at the end of the day everybody needs their own kind of personalized automation workflow. So therefore we are not starting with a template. I just want to show you how to start from scratch and how to really use some of the built-in features to do whatever you want. So when you start from scratch, it will just start with an empty workspace where you can just zoom in, zoom out or add or remove any elements. What is important to know every workflow starts with a trigger. For now, let me just click on trigger manually. We will later go through some of the other triggers as well. So this is just executed when you manually click on it. And what I absolutely loved in this platform is that when you're planning or building your automation pipeline, you can always test the individual steps when you click on the execute workflow. So this will just execute everything. Or you can just click on the individual items that will just run that item and it always shows you with a green overlay what notes actually have been executed and what notes would come after these. So for example, you can see with this green line, there is one item in the automation pipeline that would flow into the next element. So when I click on this here and I can for example select some of the core uh built-ins like execute a command. So that will take me to the editing view of that specific node where you can on the left side see the inputs. So whatever the previous elements is sending to this node and on the right side you would see the output of the data. For example, if I just type in hello world. This is a simple command and I execute this on the right side you will see the exit code the standard out with hello world. And this is also a node output that could be passed through a next element as well. You can now just start dragging and dropping these elements. You can place other elements in this automation workflow and reconnect them if you want. So delete connections and use these dots here to connect elements in a different way. That will of course always define the automation flow and you can really add change or adjust things as you need. I think this is really super powerful and it will also let you know when something doesn't really work as expected or there is an error at some note. So, it's really easy and intuitive to use. And by the way, what's also pretty cool, you can also place notes here. You can edit it in the markdown language. And of course, you can also share these workflows with other users. And then it's really good to have some notes that document or explain what this complicated automation pipeline is actually doing. So, this is really a simple and very intuitive way of creating automations without actually writing any lines of code. But of course it can get quite complex especially if you're using JavaScript expressions or other commands and how to access data passing from one node to another authenticate to platforms and so on. But don't worry I will explain how that's all working. First of all let us talk about the triggers. As I said you can just run a manual trigger or you could use something that is happening on an app event. For example, if you connect a notion uh database, you could run this automation platform whenever somebody adds a page to a database or updates something. N8N can connect to many many different applications and collect events from these. For example, let's do some cool stuff with GitLab. You can say that this pipeline should always run when somebody adds a comment or raises an issue or merges something into a repository. So there are many things possible here. But you can also for example run this on a specific schedule. Why I said it is important to set your time zone. But then you can run this every x seconds, minutes, hours, days or what is also super powerful on a web hook call. So this of course only works if you made your N8N instance available to the public internet or if you are running another platform in your local network that will send a small web request to your N8 platform with that specific URL and that will then execute the pipeline. You can also send some informations from the other third party application to [snorts] your NAI platform and then process different values or elements. For now, let's just stick to the manual trigger because that's simpler for a demonstration. And then let's take a look at the different elements or the nodes that you can create. Here, for example, the AI is pretty useful. Here you find a sophisticated AI agent. I personally haven't really played around with that, but I might do in the future. If you're interested in that, just leave me a comment if you want to see that. But you can of course connect any other AI platforms like Anthropic, Google's Gemini, OpenAI or maybe your local Olama instance. You could also do this with a web request. So that is pretty useful. And then you can also do some other actions. For example, you can do any actions in a database something like notion. I I know if you're not using notion might not be interesting, but hey, that's what I'm using. So here, for example, I can make any modifications to databases. I can query elements from a database. I can append something to pages or I can update database items. And you can execute these type of actions for so many different applications again like GitLab or Slack. Send a message to a channel or kick a user from a channel. Yeah. So the possibilities are really endless and you can still do some core activities. If you don't find your favorite application but it has an API backend or something like this, you can use core elements like an HTTP request to send this to any other platform or send a web hook. And what is also super useful, we will later uh drill into data transformation where you can run code like JavaScript or Python. You can manipulate values, you can filter, you can split out elements or aggregate or merge. This is pretty useful if you're doing some complex logics that you want to build in N8N or you have some flow activities like if else statements, switch cases, stop an error, wait a few seconds or what is also sometimes useful human uh in the loop because sometimes you just need a human confirmation. If uh you want to delete something, hey, do you really want to do this? Then you can send a message to Discord, Gmail, Google chat, Teams or Slack and then wait until the user responds uh and confirms this action. If you want to use some of these application actions or triggers in N8N, you of course need to securely authenticate to your application first and that is done by creating credentials. Like for example, if you want to send a message to a Discord channel, you can use a simple web hook. But other app integrations like LinkedIn for example might need a more complicated way of authenticating by using oath and a call back URL and these type of things. So it sometimes can be a bit more difficult. But N8N does a really great job of authenticating to different types of applications. In most of the cases N8N has a documentation about how to fill out these fields. So when you click on open docs here for notion is a small document that will explain some of the API integration tokens how you can create these tokens in notion and what you need to put into the different capabilities and options. So again there are different integration guides for different applications existing. You could also manage these credentials in the main overview of N8N. When you click on the plus, click on credential. For example, let's create a new credential for notion using the notion API. So this I will just copy from my notion developer platform. Put this in here and then [snorts] click on save. There you can see if the authentication worked correctly and we can now use this credential in our workflow automation. So let's get back to the overview. Let's open my workflow. Let's first of all connect the trigger to the notion action to get many pages from the database. And when I know make a double click that opens the editing menu. Here I can select the notion account. So the credential that I've stored where I want to connect to this. And now when I select a database it should already look on my notion platform where the database is. For example, this is my social media post database. Here you can see that is the latest one that I want to publish for my Proxmox backup server tutorial that should be published on LinkedIn and X. So you can see I'm storing the social media platform where I want to publish this too. And if I open this, you can also see that I have created different properties for a short version of the post. So this is mainly used for X because there you can't share so many characters. But on LinkedIn you have more space and you can share a longer post on this platform. So that's why I'm using different properties and later in the automation pipeline I've created an if else logic uh depending on what social media platforms I have selected then it goes into a different automation node using the API credentials to the individual platforms but first of all um I want to build an automation that reads all these database pages because I need to find out when is the right time to publish the post. So depending on what is the date element the there I'm storing the time and the date when I want to publish the post and what is the status uh because I don't want to publish the post multiple times. So I also need to later update the database items when the automation workflow has published them and set them to published. So I hope uh it kind of makes sense what I want to build. So let's return to N8N and then select the social posts database. Here you can also set a specific limit because otherwise there will be too many elements and the automation workflow will run extremely slow. Uh but of course you can use filters in these applications for example any filter uh needs to match. So this is like an or logical expression or if you want all filters to match. So if you have different conditions for example the property status must be equal um completed. So these are all the posts that are not yet published but I have finished and done writing. So they are ready to be published. But I also need to match another condition that is the date. So it should always compare to the current timestamp when the application is running. And here we need to use JavaScript expressions. By the way, these expressions are also well documented. Anything inside these two curly brackets are treated as an expression in N8N. And you can use regular JavaScript language and expressions to get the current date, time or transform data and whatever. So, uh let's return to the workflow. For example, let's let's start with two curly brackets. What is also pretty nice, it has an intellisense. You can use the now element or what you could also use is the date time dot now function. Here you can see the result is the current date time when I'm um editing this or when I'm executing the pipeline. Okay. So these two conditions both need to match. So all of the filters the status needs to be completed and the date should be before our current time stamp. So then this is a valid social media post that is ready to be sent out to the platforms. For example, we can also now execute this step to see if there is any data returned. As you can see here now, I don't have any uh social media post that is ready to be published now. So I think uh maybe let's filter for something else. Let's um temporarily switch um the condition to not before but after. So that means everything that is in the future. And when I now click on execute step, you can see that it's returning um the element that I've shown you in notion. Here you can see the output. You can see the video URL. You can see the short post and the long post. Everything that is returned from this database in notion is appearing here. And you can use JavaScript expressions to access these specific fields. I will later show you how exactly that's done. But for example, if we would do something else like adding a new page test post and this is maybe in the future and it's also completed. So then for example we should also return this object here. Maybe let's open this and say test post. All right. So then we have a new database entry. And when I now again execute this you can see there are two elements that were reported back. What is really amazing, you can see it in the overview here that there are two items shown. So that means this node reported two items and we can now say what do we actually want to do with this. Now if you have some batch processing node uh that can process multiple items at once, you can just add another note here. But in this case, I want to process two items here and I later also need to differentiate them based on the social media platform element. And therefore, I need to split out these elements uh because all of these items here could have several elements for social media platforms. So that means multiple posts could be sent out to multiple platforms. And if you need another path or another processing for each social media platform because the API integrations are of course different for Discord than they are for LinkedIn, then we need to use the N8's built-in data transformation elements. For example, the split out. So this turns a list item into multiple string objects. And what is absolutely amazing in N8N, if you are adding a note that is following a previous step that already executed some data, you can see all of the fields that the previous node reported and use these at input values and you can easily drag and drop the elements that you need. For example, the property social media platform. This is the list element that I want to transform into multiple items. So here I can just drag this into fields to split out and then if I execute this you can see that from one input item we get two outputs for each of the social media platform. Now these outputs only contain the field that I've split out. But of course I need to send all of the other items as well because I later want to uh access the short post value or the video link or any others. So I need to include all the other fields as well. When I now execute the step again, you can see there are two items coming out of the split element but with all of the fields containing from the previous node. So this is exactly what we need and you can also see here we can create some if else statements. So if social media platform is discord or LinkedIn then we can add different uh nodes depending on what uh social media platform it is we have different app integrations that we want to trigger. Now what you can use for this is uh if you go to flow if else statements or filters I personally for this type of integration I would use a switch case element. Here we can again drag the uh element that contains the social media platform into the value one. And here we can say as this is a string that contains the result LinkedIn. In our case, we can say if the value is equal to uh LinkedIn. So then this is our first route. We can rename the output to LinkedIn and then add another road for each value. So let's grab the social media platform again and let's say if this is equal to what was the other Discord for example yeah discord then we want to follow a different routing path you can see when we go back in here that we have created two paths here now so depending on uh what switch case is matching we can say for discord we need a discord integration something like send a message yeah then we can use our web hook or API I integration, whatever. We probably need to create a new credential here. Send this to Discord. And here we can say LinkedIn. So then we can send a post to LinkedIn. Add credentials. I'm not going to do this right now. By the way, if you just want to test something and you don't want to actively execute some notes here, you can just multi select them and click on deactivate. So then they're not executed, but you can still test the flow if it's working. For example, if we execute, you can see there are two items. There are two posts. Yeah. In the database that are split out to four elements because each of the post has two social media platforms. So, we get four elements out and they're going to the switch case. Uh, one element is sent to Discord. So, that's probably this post here. And two elements, this here and the other one are going to the LinkedIn route. And there's another one going to X so that that I can probably add another route in the switch case and uh create a case for that as well. The only thing that I need is I need to update the pages so that when I send out the post um the automation workflow should switch from completed to published. That's also pretty easy because um you can add any elements in between as well. So here for example notion and we can update a database page. Now we need to uh specifically say which object we want to update. So we can do this by ID and luckily um there is an ID field that is coming from the get many database pages. So we can just drag it into here. So for this element that we've first queried, we want to change a property and we want to change the status to published. Right? So that's it. Uh, of course, I'm not going to execute this right now because otherwise it would uh break my uh production database. So I'm going to deactivate this. And by the way, what is also pretty cool, you can even do this in parallel. So you can connect these elements uh in this way so that the two elements coming out from the database query will be sent to the split out element. It will send the social media post to the platform and at the same time update the status to completed. So we can again uh execute this. It should nothing happen because I've deactivated all the important cases and yeah everything is working properly. That's literally how I completely automated my social media posting. Of course, you need to be somewhat familiar with how the JavaScript expressions are working and you need to try out a few things. But I think it is so easy because you can literally try it out on the fly, deactivate some of the elements that would break something or do some harmful things, but you can just run through this until you got it right. And I think this is really super powerful. Now, I could basically uh let you go and play around with this, build your own automation pipelines and add your own application integrations, credentials, and stuff like that. But I still want to show you one more thing that is really important if you're moving to production because this is just a test. If we want to activate this, uh I would change the trigger from manual to scheduled so that it every 5 minutes or so runs through my database, see if there are any new posts that are completed, and send them out. Now if I do this and something goes wrong like an error occurs in the database or something like this and the automation pipeline doesn't work anymore. I of course need to be informed by this. Then you should definitely set up an error notification. Now there is a good documentation on how you do this. By the way I will show you this on my production N instance. So here are my active workflows. Currently I just have two of but I'm still experimenting with this. And here is my error handling workflow. So here you can see I've created an error trigger. So this will always trigger when a workflow is not working correctly when an error is triggered and this will automatically deactivate the workflow. So this is an N8N core element. I think it is this one here N8N. Now the core elements again will need an API token to the platform itself because you could connect multiple N8N platforms and so on. So just go to uh settings and an API and create an API key for the internal project and then you can use this. And here you can see I not just only deactivate the workflow that went wrong. I also sent a message to my discord channel. So I get a notification on my phone or on my uh laptop. Hey there's something wrong. Workflow XYZ uh had an error and was deactivated. And I can manually troubleshoot this. find out what was the problem and then fix it. Yeah. And that's it about N8N. As you can see, it's a super intuitive and really powerful platform. You can use that to build any automation workflow that you want. And I think in the coming weeks and months probably, I'm going to experiment more with that. As you might know, I'm also using other automation platforms like Kestra or GitLab CI/CD. I really want to test this and see how it competes to these other automation platforms. So, please be a little patient. Give me a little more time to play around with this. And maybe you have some other ideas for automations that you maybe want to see or maybe you want to show me. But no, I let you go. I let you play around with this and have fun. Experiment. So, thanks everybody. Have a nice day and I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye. [music]

=== Proxmox Backup Server: A Game Changer for HomeLabs! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOUgzPocqFM

Hey everybody, how is it going? This is Christian and in today's video I'm going to show you how to simply set up the Proxmox backup server which is as the name already suggests a backup system for the Proxmox virtual environment. And guys, if you're running Proxmbox in your home labs or even your production environments and you're not using the backup server, let me tell you, you've been doing it all wrong. This is going to be slow. it's going to take up a lot of space on your NAS and you don't have the ability for easy file recovery. Now, with a Proxbox backup server, you can do all of this. It supports incremental backups, dduplication. By the way, I later explain in the video what that actually is. [music] And it's not really a big deal to install and set it up. You don't even need a separate device or server for it. So, you can install this directly on your Proxmox virtual environment, and it's going to make your backups so much better. So, if you want to know how to do backups the right way on Proxmox, then keep watching this video. But before we jump right into the backup server, I have also got to show you the new cable management system from Patchbox, the sponsor of today's video, because Patchbox just sent me their brand new Patchbox One. And guys, if you ever struggled with a tangled mess of cables in your server rack, this is also a true game changer. You just mount this solid patchbox frame into your server rack and then slide in these modular cassettes that neatly hold your Ethernet or optical fiber cables. So when you need to connect something, you just unlock the integrated cable stopper, pull out exactly the length of cable you want, lock it back in place, and now you've got a clean and well organized cable management. And what I absolutely love about the new Patchbox One is that the new cassettes seem way lighter and easier to handle. Now, they've also upgraded the cable stopper and pullback mechanism to be even more snappier and smoother. Of course, you can still get these cassettes [music] in different colors and cut standards to customize your setup exactly how you want it. And both the frame and the cassettes are even [music] compatible with the older Patchbox versions. So, if you want your server rack to look professional and you want to stay organized and by the way, also save tons of time during setups or maintenance, then the Patchbox one is definitely the way to go. It's perfect for both professionals and home labs as well. So, of course, I'll drop you a link to their website in the description so you can check it out yourself. All right, guys. So, now let's get started with the Proxmox backup server. And first of all, I want you to go to the official homepage of Proxmox, proxmox.com, because there you can learn more about the Proxmox virtual environment and their backup server. And as you can see, they just released a brand new version for both the Proxmox VE and the backup server, which I haven't upgraded to yet because it is always the same. Once I just finished recording or planning a video, if they release a new version, that's going to change a few things here and there. But I think um most likely the system will be kind of the same. They just introduced a few interesting smaller features here and there, but I think the tutorial will be still valid for the new version as well. Okay. So, uh first of all, go to products and go to the backup server and then go to requirements because I want you to take a look at this. But first of all, click on the recommended server system requirements because the Proxbox backup server is a system that Proxbox says you should better install on a separate physical device. So this is their official recommendation. You can find some minimum server requirements that you can use for testing, but ideally you should install this on a separate physical machine with at least four CPU cores and 4 GB of memory. And the reason for this is if you're storing critical backups for your virtual machines, you should definitely do this outside of your regular system. So in case something goes wrong and you have to restore the entire system, you could do this from a separate physical device with separate discs and a redundant storage pool. So that is definitely the official recommendation. However, as you might know me, I don't really care so much about this because um if I would have to buy a separate physical device for the backup server, it would cost me a lot of money because I need to buy equipment. But also, in terms of power consumption, the device has to be running 24/7 most likely. But the good news is that you can still install the Proxbox backup server in many different ways. You can install this on a small virtual machine. You could even install this in a container or you could use the Debian packages to install this directly on the Proxmox v. Now I personally have seen many tutorials on the internet that recommend you to install the Proxmox backup server in a virtual machine. But honestly, I don't think this is the ideal setup because it would potentially cause some problems and create this inception problem that you might heard of. So in the context of the Proxmox backup server, this refers to a situation where the backup server attempts to back up or interact with itself in a way that creates some recursive or self-reerential condition, which is not really a good idea. So in simpler language, if you try to back up the backup server itself, it's going to create a problem. And that's why I thought it might be better to run this in a small container. I recently did a video about alexe containers on Proxmox and I think this is really the perfect scenario for installing the backup server. Of course, I'm going to show you one of my favorite community projects, the Proxmox v helper scripts. They help you to set up the Proxmox backup server and other containers or settings on the Proxmox virtual environment in a super easy and simple way. So just go to this website, go to view scripts and there you will find the Proxmbox and virtualization category, a Proxmox backup server script that will automatically create a small alexi container on your desired Proxmox instance. And there is even a post install script that you can run to do some maintenance tasks, update the system, disable the subscription window and stuff like that. Of course, I've already done this on my Proxmox backup server. So, I've just copied this small command and then I went to my Proxmox server. Then you need to select your Proxmox node where you want to install the Alexi container with a backup server. Go to the shell, log in with your root user and just paste the command from the Proxmox VB helper scripts. That will launch the installation wizard. Usually I would recommend you to go with the advanced settings because we have to change one particular setting in the installation wizard which will set the container type from unprivileged to privileged. Now [snorts] this is kind of important if you later in the Proxmark backup server want to connect to remote storage locations on an NFS because only a privileged alex container will have the correct permissions that are required to mount an NFS share. So make sure to set this to privileged because you cannot really change this setting later. So you would have to recreate the backup server. Then you can set up a root password. You can also leave it blank for automatic login. But I personally always would recommend you to set up a password. And you can set your container ID. You can set up your host name. In my case, I'm just going to name this to PBS Pro one if I want to follow my usual naming convention. And then you can set up a disk size. And now this is mainly used for the main operating system of the Proxmog backup server. You can later add more storage locations. So I think it's just fine to use the default 10 GB and then of course give it some CPU coursees in memory. So just follow their recommendation on the requirements and then configure your other settings like giving it a static IP address is always a good idea in my opinion. And if you want to authenticate with SSH to your Proxmox backup server, which we by the way later in this tutorial have to do. So you definitely should upload your public SSH key and enable root SSH access. But for the other settings, you can just leave the defaults. I think that's totally fine. And then the Proxmox v helper script will do its job and install the Proxmox backup server in a small container. So there's nothing else you need to do. You just need to answer this small question here. if you automatically want to mount all available VAPI devices. Honestly, I didn't really know what that was. And it says something with GPU hardware acceleration. So, I just ignored this. I don't think we need this on the backup server. And [snorts] then just wait until the setup is complete. All right. So, once that is done, it will show you the address of the IP address that you have configured. You can just copy the URL, uh, paste it in your browser, and this will take you to the Proxmox backup server web interface. So, this nearly looks identical to the Proxmox uh web interface. Of course, you just have a few different menus, but it's really kind of like the same style and look. I like this. So, Proxmox users should already be familiar with this. And to finish the installation part, let's quickly return to the Proxmox v helper scripts and also do the post installation script. Now, that of course you don't have to run on your Proxbox shell. You now have to select your Proxmox backup servers alexc container and then go to that container shell and there you have to execute the post installation scripts. But that just goes through a few simple steps updating the packages, disabling the subscription notification and so on. Then the Proxbox backup server will reboot once more and then you're done with a basic setup. That's all really super simple and it's now ready to be used. Okay guys, so now that we've installed the Proxmox backup server, we now can think about where we actually want to store our backups. And depending on if you followed the official recommendation to install the Proxmox backup server on a separate physical device or you followed my guide to install it on an LXC container, you have different options here. So either if you've got a separate physical device where you can configure your storage discs in the administration settings or if you're running an LX container and you mount some redundant storage pool that you've already configured on your Proxbox server, that would be the best way to do it. But also, if you're like me and you're a crazy dude just having one simple NVME drive in your physical Proxmox server, you can still use this storage for the Proxmox backup server as well. and I later want to synchronize the local backups and send them to a remote storage location using NFS, then I can benefit from both. I can have super fast, quick and small uh backups on my local Proxmbox server discs and still have a separate physical location where I could do some disaster recovery if the entire server goes down or anything is damaged with the discs. That is what I definitely would recommend you to do. So if you don't have a separate physical server where you install the backup server, store it at least once a day to a remote location, but I will show you how to do this step by step. First of all, let's take a look how to configure a storage locally. Now before we can configure this on the alexe container, we of course have to stop the container first and then we just need to go to the resource settings and add a new mount point. Of course, if you've got a separate device like a storage controller with separate discs that you didn't configure on Proxmox already, so they are just there for backups, you can forward the entire storage controller. But I think a mount point is also fine because there you can select a storage disc. So either the local LVM if you just got one storage disc in a prox or you select your ZFS storage pool or whatever that you're using to store your virtual discs as well. then configure a separate path for this. So in my case, I always just use /mount and then slashbackup local so that I know that this location is stored on my local Proxmox server and then I just give it a disk size. In my case, 200 GB. Actually, it doesn't sound like a lot, but it's enough to store all my discs. Even if the virtual discs of the VMs are much larger, but because of the dduplication job in the Proxmox backup server, it's enough to store everything for me. What you probably should deselect is this small backup checkbox because then this mount point will automatically be excluded from any backups. And once you created this mount point, you should see it under your storage location under CT volumes that there is a new virtual disc created that the Proxmox backup server can use to store the backup files on. All right. So now we need to switch to the Proxmox backup servers UI and go to data store and add a new data store. So here we just give it a name. In my case, I just picked the same name as the backing path. So the /m backup local and then you can select two settings here. The GC schedule which stands for garbage collection. So this is a process that helps to manage and reclaim storage space by removing some data of the backup system that is no longer needed. And the prune schedule which applies retention policies. So how long or how many you want to keep your backup files. These jobs you can run daily at midnight by default. You can also adjust the time if you want to, but I think once a day at midnight is fine. And then in the prune options, you can define if you want to keep the last X backups or if you want to keep one daily, weekly, monthly. I personally tend to keep one daily backup, one weekly backup, and one monthly backup so that I got enough flexibility. But adjust this according to your needs. Because it's an incremental backup, you can really keep many different backups. So you have more options to go back in time because you might not immediately recognize if you have deleted or broken something the next day. So better keep more backups than less. So you got more options to go back in time and revert to an older state if that's needed. Especially when doing file level recovery that is becoming really handy because then you can restore just a specific file that you have deleted 20 days ago. So adjust this according to your needs and how frequently you want to keep these backups. All right. So now the data store is created. When you go to the data store summary, you can get more details and insights about the data store. You can see the usage. By the way, here you should see the maximum disk capacity of your mount point. If you don't see that and you still just see 10 GB or so of the root disk of the Proxmox backup system, you should double check if you've used the correct path. And here you can also see how many container backups or host backups you stored, what is the dduplication factor. So the higher the dduplication factor, the more disk space you're saving. And here you can also inspect the content. So what are the different backups currently stored? Of course, this is uh still empty. The prune jobs and GC configuration, you can add synchronization jobs and also verification jobs. And a verification is quite important when it comes to backups because when you're just taking backups and you're seeing, oh, the backups are arriving and everything is fine and then you want to restore something and then you only notice there is something wrong with it, well, you are in big trouble. So therefore, a verification job is always always important when taking backups. So therefore I would definitely switch to the options and enable the verify new snapshots. So this will always verify any new backups immediately after completion. This is definitely is super useful. Then you don't need a separate verify job. All right. So now we can configure the Proxmox virtual environment to connect to the backup server. And before we do that, I want you to create a separate user account on the Proxmox backup server. So the Proxbox v can securely connect to that but it doesn't have all the root privileges. So just go to the configuration access control create a new user and then when you added the user go to permissions here you can add a new user permission to the path / data store. So then the user will only have access to that data store location. Select the Proxmbox user you have created and select the role data store admin. Now we can switch back to the Proxbox virtual environment and add the Proxmbox backup server as a separate storage location. Just give it an ID for example in my case it's just PBS backup local. The server will be the IP address of the backup server or the DNS name and then use the credentials you have just created. Also enter the data store that we have created in my case backup local. And now we need to grab the certificates fingerprint. That might be a bit weird, but just go to the Proxmox backup server under configuration certificates. Select the self-signed certificate that should have been automatically created and then copy the fingerprint. You just need to put that into the field when you're creating the Proxmox backup server. Also, you could configure backup retention here, but usually um this is configured on the Proxmox backup server. So, just leave that default. And then if you want you can create an encryption job. Now of course if you do this you should never lose your encryption key otherwise you won't have access to the backups anymore. So this is an option that I personally I didn't need to do but of course it is recommended if you're storing this on a separate location and for security reasons you could create a client encryption key might be useful but again in a small home lab I don't know if you need that. Okay. [snorts] So once you added the storage location, you can now um create your backup jobs or what you can do is you can edit your existing backup jobs if you stored that previously on an NFS share. Just go to your backup job, click on add or edit your existing one and then change the storage location from local to your Proxmox backup server. Just select the virtual machines that you want to back up. Select your time schedule and then usually there is nothing else you need to change or configure. Then this should already be working. You can test if the backups are working. If you click on run no, this will immediately start a new backup job. And as you can see here, that is a backup job that is currently running. Now you might have noticed that this is kind of like the same speed as the regular backup jobs. And you might be wondering why the heck, Christian, you just said the Proxwork backup servers was so much faster and so on. So why I'm not seeing a difference? Because the incremental backups at first will require one full backup of the entire virtual machine discs at day one. But the next backups you're taking, they will only store the changes. And if your retention policy applies, so the prune job runs on the Proxmox backup server and the last day one with a full backup needs to be removed, it [snorts] will merge the full backup with the next incremental backup so that it always has at least one full backup of the entire virtual machine and then it only stores the changes of the files or the file system of that virtual machine. And this alone is saving so much disk space, especially if you're keeping a high number of backups. I didn't really realize that the usual backup job on Proxmokes doesn't support incremental backups. Now, with Proxmog's backup server, I don't really need to care about this and I can keep I don't know 30, 40, 50 different backup timestamps and it's not really making any huge difference on my disc. So, this is really really incredible. Now, incremental backups are one thing where the Proxmox backup server really shines. Uh, but there's also the next feature that is called ddduplication. This will be automatically done on the Proxmox backup server and it works the following. Without a dduplication, the backup server would have to store each chunk of the data. Like if you represent chunks with a b cde e f and so on, these chunks from time to time repeat. And that regularly happens depending on the type of the data. So when a chunk contains exactly the same data as the other chunks without dduplication that would be stored as a separate chunk on the disk. Now with dduplication the Proxbox backup server will know that the chunks are repeating. It just stores a small reference. So here for example you can see A B and D were chunks that were already saved on the disk and the small reference doesn't take as much disk space as the entire data. Now I think it's worth noting that dduplication requires CPU power because this reference and calculation stuff takes some resources. So not only when you're storing the data also when you're restoring data. However the dduplication job is running in the background as far as I know. So it's done after you've taken the backup and the disk savings can vary from 20% to 90% of disk space depending on what is the type of data. And the good news is that virtual machine images or backup data they have a huge duplicate data which is leading to higher savings when using dduplication. So you can really benefit a lot from this technique. Just to show you an example, this is my Proxmox server and you can see I'm storing a few virtual machines. one that has a disk size of 400 GB of data. That would already be double the amount of disk space that my Proxbox backup server has. And then I'm also storing some 60 68 68 GB of discs on the backup server. So that alone is like 600 GB of data. But the Proxmox backup server can still store this on its backup local disc that only takes 163 GB of data, which is in my case a dduplication factor of 4.24. So this is indeed quite impressive. And if you go to the content, you can still see all these backups here. You can see the last time stamp that they were verified. And if you click on that drop- down button here, you could see the individual backups here as well. So don't let yourself be confused when more backups appear. They stack up and they always show you the maximum size of the disk of the VM, not what actually is taken on the Proxmox backup server disc. So just how large the disk is on its own. But I can show you how uh it works when I go back to my Proxmox server and for example, let's run a backup job now. And you can see how fast it is. So just go to data center, go to backup and let's say run now. So here you can see it's using fast incremental mode storing 384 GB of data in just 14 seconds and it's even faster for the other virtual machines that have much lower disk volumes. Yeah. All right. So that was it. It didn't took a minute to store all my virtual machines on the Proxmox backup server. So if we switch back here and reload, you can see the backup appears. And uh here you can see what I mean. It's the same disk size, but it's indeed not taking much more space on the uh data store. If we go back to the summary, you can see it just increased a little and I still have enough space to store all the other increments. And when it's applying the retention policies and the prune jobs and the garbage collection jobs, it even compresses this more. The dduplication factor might increase. And I even have more disk savings on the Proxmox backup server. The cool thing is you can even do file level restore. Now one thing that might be a bit confusing here, you cannot really do this from the content of the backup server. So here you still see the blobs of data. That doesn't help you much. But if you go back to the Proxmox server and select the backups here, you have an option file restore. And if you click on that, you can see the individual files on the discs. And you could really restore a specific directory or just one specific file that you need like a database or I don't know some other files that you might have lost. Now one thing that is a bit unfortunate you cannot easily restore them in the virtual machine itself because the Proxmox backup system is an agentless um backup system. It's not like something like vmor so where you can put that back in the same location. So you have to download this as a zip file, extract it, then shut down the service on your server and restore that particular database. So it might not be as intuitive and simple as professional backup system. But honestly, uh I think it's still great because it's it's an open source solution. So why would you argue about that? And I think this already is such a big plus and such a strong argument to use the Proxmox backup server. This is why I never would go back to storing backups on a separate NFS share. However, as I said in the beginning of this video, it is still a good idea to use NFS or a remote storage location to synchronize these local backups too because if something might happen with this local device, you're having a problem. Let's [laughter] let's say it this way. But the good news is you can still do this with the Proxmox backup server even when it's running in an alexe container. But uh if you want to follow this tutorial and use a remote NFS location for synchronizing the backups, you definitely need to run the Alexi container in privilege mode. Otherwise, it won't work. I've tried it a bunch of times and it's not as intuitive as the other settings because first of all, we need to open the terminal and log in via SSH to our Proxmbox backup server. That's why I said you should enable remote access. Then it's going to be much easier. And then first of all, you should create a separate folder where you want to mount the NFS share to. Because I've already created a mount point for the Lexe container under /m backup local, I thought it might be a good idea to just call this /m backup NFS. And then you should change the ownership to set this to the backup user. That is what the backup server will use internally. and adjust the permissions to 775 so that the Proxmox backup server will have the correct privileges to save to this location. Now the next thing that we need is the NFS common packages on the Debian system of the Proxbox backup server. Usually by default they are not installed. So just run the apt install NFS common. Also you can install Vim at the same time because to mount the NFS volume automatically so that it always is mounted when you reboot the backup container you have to edit the file system table by using vim etc fap. So here we need to enter the IP address of our NAS or the remote location where the NFS server is running. In my case I want to store this on my unrated NAS. By the way, if you don't know what that is, you can check out my unrated video. That's pretty cool. So, this is my bigger storage server with a redundant uh storage array where I can better store backups for a longer time. So, the strategy that I'm following here is I'm just keeping a daily backup on my local Proxmox backup server and on the remote storage location, I'm keeping more backups so that I can go back in time. The recovery probably will be not as fast if I would do it from the local device. But anyways, this is more for an archive backup restore option. Here on the unrated server, I had one issue that I needed to solve because currently I only have a rule created that anything from my production local area network from with the 10.20/16/24 network can connect to this server. But the flex in the parenthesis are wrong. So I needed to add another one that is the no root squash. So this is an option that allows the root user on a client machine to have root privileges on the NFS mounted directory as well. This is needed for the backup server to correctly initialize the data store. Without this option, it will not work. So this is what I needed to adjust. But when we go back to the Proxbox backup servers shell in the ftop file, I just needed to enter the IP address. Then the mount point on the remote NFS server. So my unrated NAS, this is usually under the /mt/ user because it's a user share uh NFS backups. And then I mounted this to the local folder that we have just created on the backup server/MT/backup NFS. Of course, we're using the NFS protocol with a version 4. And then I needed to add the correct flags. I just copied this from my tutorial. So you can probably just use the same settings as well. They just work. And then you need to reload systemd with a systemct ctl demon reload. This should automatically mount the remote NFS location. You can check um if you do an ls on this mount point if there are any files that were coming from the remote system. As you can see here, this is currently full with the old backups of my old NFS uh backup location that I used before. I needed to remove them all so that when I created the data store on the Proxmox backup server, it was initialized successful. What was a bit weird is this error message in the background and that it took a bit longer to create this data store, but once that was complete, it indeed worked and then you can create a sync job. Now you have to do this on the backup NFS uh data store. Create a sync job and select the location local. So then it will pull the backups from the local data store and upload it onto the remote NFS store. And I've also configured this to run daily, maybe not at the same time as the regular backup jobs run. So most likely you will have to configure this once these are complete. So 1 hour later should be enough. and then it's running automatically and copying over everything from your local data store to the remote NFS location. You can still restore your virtual machines from both locations if you need to. All right, guys. So, that's it about the Proxmox backup server. [music] I think this is really a fantastic solution which takes much less resources than just pure NFS backups on Proxmox. It's much faster and you can even do a file level restore. I think this is really great. But no, tell me what do you think about the Proxbox backup server? Is there anything I missed or something that you would change or adjust? Then please let me know in the comments. And as always, thank you so much for watching. A big thanks goes all to all of the supporters and members of my channel. You guys are really amazing. And I'm going to catch you in the next [music] video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Docker Swarm Mode: EASY Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YsPt7dIvqU

Hey guys, this is Christian and in today's video I'm going to show you how I upgraded my Docker containers to the next level using Docker Swarm or more precisely the Docker Swarm mode because some people say that if you want to have container orchestration, you should not really care about Docker Swarm because it's dead. And that was also part of the reason why I never really used it in my home lab. However, you should not confuse the Docker Swarm mode with the Docker Classic Swarm project, which is indeed not actively developed anymore. The Docker Swarm mode is something different, and it's directly integrated into the Docker engine, and allows us to create and manage a cluster of Docker nodes, orchestrate containers with fall tolerance, load balancing, and rolling updates, and also some other cool features for credential and config management. And it's really damn simple. Once I started looking into it, I realized this is maybe the perfect middle ground for people that want to have something more sophisticated as the simple Docker engine, but not as heavily complex and overwhelming as Kubernetes. And if you're one of these guys, you should definitely keep watching this video. And by the way, while you're learning the new Docker Swarm mode, you should also check out my new favorite tool, Recall, the sponsor of today's video, because Recall is an AI powered knowledge base that helps you learn faster and retain more. It is super simple to use. You just install the Chrome browser extension and while you're reading a page, for example, the Docker's documentation, Recall can create a quick or detailed summary of that entire page with all the critical information and store it in your personal knowledge base where you can further organize everything or take additional notes yourself. The cool thing is that it doesn't just work for pages. You can also add podcasts, PDFs, articles, blogs, your existing bookmarks, markdown notes, or even better, my YouTube videos. Then you automatically can keep track of everything you're learning here. And what is super cool, Recall automatically creates connections between the different elements that you can even see in their brand new augmented browsing feature. Like for example, when I'm reading the small mode documentation here, which mentions Kubernetes, it automatically links back to my Kubernetes page in the knowledge base. Then you can create a comprehensive collection of what you actually care about. And you can even use the new AI powered chat feature in recall to ask questions, get more information, compare things, or even generate examples from all the stuff that you have collected, including all of your notes, videos, and so much more. I think it is absolutely fantastic and the best. When you sign up before the 1st of October with my code lamp 25, you can get 25% off a recall subscription. So definitely check that out. Now, of course, you will find a link to recall in the description down below. All right, guys. So now, let's jump into the Docker Swarm mode before I show you how to install and set it up. And by the way, this is super damn simple. Let's learn a bit more about the different features and capabilities. So the docker swarm mode transforms all your separate docker engines into a single virtual docker host and that gives you a centralized and unified cluster of the different docker engines called nodes in the swarm mode and provides built-in feature discovery with automated DNS assignment for services and internal load balancing so you can easily distribute incoming requests to your containers evenly across all the different nodes and that of course gives you fall tolerance and high availability. The swarm mode also has a scheduleuler that automatically restarts failed tasks on healthy nodes and ensures your applications and containers are always running. And it also has some interesting security capabilities like there is a secure node to node communication with mutual TLS encryption and it provides an integrated secrets management to safely handle sensitive information like passwords or API keys. I will later show you how that actually works. And it does things like rolling updates and roll back. So you can easily revert back to an older version of a container configuration. And the scheduleuler is intelligent enough that it places containers based on resource availability in the cluster like CPU and memory. And you can even configure so-called constraints optimizing cluster resources. And there are many many cool things here. people that already worked with Kubernetes like me, uh the first question that I had is why the heck should I care about Docker Swarm when I have Kubernetes? And sure, Kubernetes is kind of like the more sophisticated solution that even has some other interesting capabilities going beyond the feature set of the swarm mode. However, if you once tried out Kubernetes, you probably will agree that it has a kind of steep learning curve. And trust me guys, the Docker swarm mode is just so much easier to set up and I think even easier to use because you can use some tools that you already know. That is not really the case for Kubernetes where you need to learn a completely new technology. So I hope I got you hooked and you want to learn more about the swarm mode. So let me show you how to easily set up this. And first of all, I want to prepare three new virtual machines where we install the Docker engine. For this I'm going to use my new Python scripts that I recently developed using AI. So, I'm going to create three new virtual machines. I'm just going to call them VM tests. And I'm pretty sure while you're watching this script now, you definitely want to check that out. So, don't worry. I'm going to make a video about it. I just need to polish a few things and then I'm going to share my GitHub repository for these scripts that I've created. So, this way I can just distribute new virtual machines for demonstration videos like this in a few seconds using Cloudinit and the Proxmbox templates. All right. So, now the creation of the VMs is complete. They should already contain the Docker engine. By the way, if you don't know how to install the Docker engine on a Linux machine, then you should definitely check out my Docker tutorial video. So there I explain everything and you probably already know it from my other videos. So I'm not going to spend too much time on this. Now, if you want to create a Docker Swarm cluster, I need to start with one machine that will become the new leader of this cluster. Ideally, this is the first virtual machine. So I'm just going to open a new SSH connection to this uh IP address and verify that we can execute the docker commands. So now we can create a new cluster with the docker swarm init command and also add the flag advertise IP address where the other swarm nodes will try to connect to. In my case it's the 10.2030.1 the IP address of the first node and that's it. Uh now it is technically a swarm cluster already and it generated a new join token with a command that you just need to copy and execute on the other two nodes as well. So let's open a new connection to the VM test 2 and then just paste this command and know this node has joined the swarm as a worker node. So what that means I will cover in a second. Let me just finish the first node. And now we can go back to the leader and execute the docker node ls. So that should give us all the docker swarm nodes. As you can see here, we have VM test one, two, and three. But as you might have noticed, only the first node is a leader. And when you try to execute the docker node ls command on the second server, for example, you will get the error message. This node is not a swarm manager worker nodes. So that is probably a concept that I have to explain because it's really important for high availability later. Technically, you could just run this cluster with one leader and add as many nodes as you want as worker. If you don't have three Docker nodes, in my home lab, for example, I'm running this cluster with just one leader and one worker, so two machines. But it will not have fall tolerance because if the leader goes down and you only have workers in the cluster, the Docker Swarm cluster will not be functional. So it requires an odd number of leaders and more than half of the leaders have to be online that the swarm cluster is functional. It's kind of similar to Kubernetes. There is also the same. So you can't have two leaders. You need at least three to achieve high availability and fault torance or you accept that if the first node goes down everything is not working anymore. So you can really decide how you want to set it up. But I would recommend you to run a docker swarm mode with at least three nodes where you promote the two worker nodes as additional leaders as well. The way how you do this is you need to do it from the leader. So just run docker node promote and then VM test 2 and VM test 3. When you now execute the docker node ls, you can see that the two nodes have the manager status reachable. So the first one is still the leader. But if that one goes down, one of the other nodes will become the new leader. And now once you promoted the other nodes, you can now execute the Docker node LS commands from all the other leaders as well. All right, so that's how you set up the cluster. It's super damn simple. Now let's start creating a Docker service because Docker services are kind of different from Docker containers. The Docker containers, these are the standalone versions that you can just run on the Docker engine. But when you enable the swarm mode, you probably want to create these Docker containers as Docker services because Docker services can have more than one container running on the same cluster. So if you define that a Docker service has two replicas, it will make sure that at least two containers with that service are running on the entire cluster and it automatically tries to find out where is the best node that has some resources left to run and start up some uh required instances. So you can easily do this with the docker service command and then just create a new service. For example, let's create a new engineext server. I always use the engineext image because then I can easily demonstrate uh later how the traffic distribution is working. So let's create engineext server one. I will publish the port 8,0001. So there I will reach my new web server and I want to have two replicas in the docker swarm cluster. Of course I also need to uh define the image engineext. Just use the latest tag. I think that's fine. And now you see that it's starting up two containers. It's preparing these two. So it first of all needs to print down the image. And let's see where the rockers mode distributes these containers on. At this point you don't really know because it's dynamically scheduling these uh containers. All right. Right. So now it waits a few seconds to verify that the tasks are available. And yes, so now it's complete. All right. So let me show you what happens when you enter docker service ls. That will list all the services on the entire swarm cluster that you have created here in EngineX server with the mode replicated that has two replicas. And if you want to know where exactly these containers are running on, you need to use the docker service ps command and then you need to use the name of the service. And then you can see oh there are two containers running enginex server 1.1 and two. The first container is running on the secondary node and the second container is running on the first node. Yeah. So it's kind of the other way around. And if you execute a docker ps command to show all the docker containers running on that docker host, you only see the container that is running on that particular node you're executing this command because again the docker ps command is a docker standalone command not a docker swarm command. So you only see the containers distributed to that docker engine here. But you see there is the container with a unique identifier that identifies that particular part of the docker service here. If you would execute the docker ps command on the secondary node, you would see the other container and on the front node, there shouldn't be any container running as you can see here. Okay, that's how you operate and manage these uh containers. By the way, if you we would uh stop this container for example. Let's also try this. It always makes sure that there are two replicas running on the swarm cluster. So here you can also see a history of all the replaced containers. Let's for example execute docker service help. So here you will see what commands you all have. You can inspect locks. You can inspect the service details. Um you can even roll back to previous versions that you see in the history or you can scale so increase or decrease the number of replicas of that uh service and you can also update your service. So if you have a new image version for example darker service update and let's say uh image enginex uh not latest but 1.2.9.1. So then it's automatically changing the configuration making that active on all the nodes. So it needs to restart both containers. So if we ps that secure you can also see ah um it already stopped or shuted down the old containers with the latest image configuration and started up two new ones on the VM test one and VM test two and to just show you how the roll back works let's also do that now we are just rolling back to the old configuration and you can see that we are running the containers now with the old configuration so the latest image so That's really great if you're making updates and you want to change things. Some stuff didn't work and you need to revert it and stuff like that. So, it's really useful. By the way, this history that remains until the Docker swarm mode from time to time removes old entries from the history. So, if you see these old containers, don't worry about it. They will be autodeleteed after some time. I don't really know the timeout, but um yeah, at some point it will just get rid of it. All right. So now let's take a look how to get access to this engineext server. I think this is also super damn easy because as I can see here it's currently running on the VM test 2 VM test one. Now the VM test 3 doesn't have the engineext server up and running but we can still send a simple web request to the uh IP address of the third node. Now we even get back a response although the container is actually not running on the front node but because it has an internal load balancer Docker Swarm will automatically distribute the traffic to any container that's running on the cluster and it doesn't really make any difference to which IP address you send the traffic to. I could pick the first server, the second one. It will automatically distribute that request to the running containers on the nodes. The fact that this is built in is super amazing and I think makes it so much easier than having to use any complicated load balancer configuration in Kubernetes like metal lb or cube. So that is really really powerful. By the way, it gets even better because the docker swarm mode uh also supports docker compose. And I think this is such a big plus uh in the swarm mode compared to kubernetes because I like compose files. This is where I have all my deployment templates stored in and it is super easy to deploy docker containers using a simple compose file. However, the compose file format on docker swarm is a slightly different than using docker uh compose files on standalone docker engines. So let me open a connection to the first node and let me create a new project directory that I just call engine x. And here we going to create a new compos.yamel file. All right. So I'm going to pick a template uh from my boiler plates. By the way, you will find this on GitHub. So we're going to modify a few things here because we uh don't need all of it. Uh but I think the ports, yeah, the ports we definitely need. So our service that we have created has the 8081. So I'm going to just increase the number here. Um the volumes we don't need for now and the network we also don't need. Obviously the traffic labels I'm also going to remove. That's what a simple Docker compos file for standalone Docker engine would look like. And now we need to get rid of few things. First of all the Docker swarm mode doesn't support setting container names because that's done dynamically. So you need to get rid of this uncomment it or remove it whatever and the restart policy as well. So that also doesn't work because Docker Swarm has its own restarting logic with a scheduleuler. As I said, when a Docker container is deleted, it automatically makes sure that's restarted to always have the number of replicas that you have defined. By the way, replicas, we need to define that somewhere here in the combos file for Docker Swarm. So I usually do this under the image. Uh and we need to use deploy. Oh, yeah. So you can see GitHub copilot is uh nice enough to create this template for me. So here we can define the replicas and we can also define some constraints. Just look at the documentation what is possible but you can say that this container should only run on a role for example manager. Um or you can also say uh that it is on the node with the host name VM test 3 for example. You could also say that for example you want every host names and exclude a specific host name for example VM test one I want to run them on VM 2 and three and now the command to deploy is not docker compose up so that would start it in standalone mode if we want to start a compos file as a swarm service we have to use the docker stack command that will deploy a new stack using a compose file and we need to say stack deploy compose file or just shortly - C the compose file and then the name of the service in our case we want to call this engineext server 2 okay so now when we start deploying this the stack contains three containers as I defined in the constraints they are not started on the first node but two on the third node and one on the second node so I think this is absolutely fantastic and by the way what is even better when you enable the Docker Swarm mode on a server that has the Docker engine and already deployed containers or Docker Compose stacks with Docker Compose in standalone mode. Those existing projects will not automatically become Swarm services or being part of a cluster. You have to start them as services or start them as stacks manually. This is really powerful because I'm running I think like 30 different compost projects in my home lab and if I imagine I would have to migrate them all to docker services that would be a lot of work but uh because you can run them side by side I have activated docker swarm mode on my home lab server but I'm still running some standalone containers and I'm from time to time migrating the one or another service to swarm stacks and I can do this in my own pace. So I'm not really rushed by anything. I can run them side by side. These are all of the great things about Docker Swarm mode. I absolutely love it. However, there are also a few challenges that come with that. Of course, you're using volumes in Swarm mode. These volumes are local to each node by default. So they are not automatically shared across the cluster like the configuration. Which means if a task that is running on the first node has a volume and then it needs to shut down and start up on the second node, the data is not the same. The good news is that Swarm supports storage drivers. By the way, I've recently done a video about Docker volumes using NFS. That is a solution that you could use to store the data outside of your Docker Swarm cluster or your Docker services. Run this on a separate NAS device. Mount the volumes using NFS. This way you could have scaled um services or scaled stacks across different nodes by still having a persistent shared storage. This is also possible. However, I know that NFS is not really the best technology when it comes to that. It's also not the most performant and you might run into some issues with databases and so on. I personally never had issues but people have been telling me that this is not a good solution. So maybe there is a better way of handling this but I will look into this. I will take a look at storage drivers and I wanted to do this anyway for other topics. So I might just experiment with a seph or other um distributed storage systems. We will see. But for now I'm using constraints uh and slowly start migrating some of my containers to docker stacks or swarm services. But yeah, Docker volumes is definitely an area that you should carefully look at. However, uh Docker Swarm mode also have some other interesting capabilities when it comes to networking or credentials and config management. And I want to talk about these things as well. First of all, let's take a look at the overlay network driver. So, this is by far one of the most interesting features for me because the overlay network driver allows us to create a Docker network among all the Docker Swarm modes and overlay networks. Uh this is often used to create a connection between the swarm services, but you can also use it to connect standalone containers running on different hosts. And uh by the way, what is pretty cool, an overlay network by default is actually made for swarm services and swarm stacks, but you can still connect Docker standalone containers, have these containers or standalone projects communicate with a Swarm server. So that's pretty cool. Let's also take a look how to do this. Actually pretty simple. You just need to execute docker network crate and then make sure that it has the driver overlay and that you add the attachable flag. So only when you enable attachable for this docker network, standalone containers managed in docker compos projects can be attached to this overlay network. Otherwise it won't work. And you can by the way also add an encryption with opt encrypted. However, this encryption uses IP sec. It will have a performance impact. So don't use this for any performance heavy critical services like database operations over the network or whatever. And uh then you need to define a name for the network. For example, let's create the network uh with the name proxy. So then we can list all the networks. You can see that um the docker stack also created a default network with the type overlay and docker swarm also created a default ingress network. However, this is not attachable. So that's why I think it is good to create a custom one that you manage externally and then in your compos files you can of course say networks can say proxy this is external true and then define that this container for example is connected to the proxy network. So the overlay network driver is really a big plus for swarm mode. But swarm mode also introduces two other superpowers that I want to show you called secrets and configs making credential and config files super safe and simply uh distributed across your cluster. Because the problem uh with standalone containers in Docker is that we commonly store sensitive credentials uh or data or also config files directly in either the compos or using environment variables using files that are stored in projects on the docker host and in a cluster. It is much better to manage these things centrally and the docker swarm mode um has the feature to do that internally in its encrypted database that is shared across the different nodes. So you can centrally manage credentials and configs and transmit them to only those containers that need to have access to it. And this is really great uh for storing API tokens or SSH keys, certificates to and other things that are sensitive. Let me show you how to do that. So you easily just create um a secret something like super safe secret and pipe this to the docker secret create command. No, you need to give it a name. For example, uh secret one. I'm not really creative as you might know. And also list all the secrets that you have created. And then if we go back to our compose file, uh we can use this secret uh when we append the secrets section here. Um okay, it's not the engineext config, it's secret one. This is managed externally. You could also manage a secrets or configs directly in the compost file, but I'm not really a friend of it. Um I think it is better and more safe to create them manually using the shell and then just include them to your project as externally managed. And now here we need to add the secret section. So you might wonder where these secrets are actually located inside the container. Now, Docker uses um a file that is created in the /r run/se directory and this you could also access for example if you have environment variables something like API token file then you can use this location here run secret secrets one and this file will contain the actual secret that is stored in this object inside the cluster. One problem I ran into, especially with some services that accept only string variables in their environment variables. This is a problem because this file contains the secret, but it's not loaded automatically in the environment variable. So you can't do it this way. You have to use container images that support reading secrets from a file. So you can't do it like this. You can't define the token and using this here. then it would just contain this string. So you have to specifically make sure that the container supports loading these tokens or secrets from a file that you can define in the environment variable. So this is a challenge that I'm also running in uh when using traffic or migrating traffic to docker swarm but I will cover this in my traffic video. It's actually not a big deal but you need to be aware of this uh small problem. And the next thing is that you can also add config files that you manage in docker swarm and also import it to the docker services. So assume we would have a configuration file in here that we want to um pass to the individual containers. So we first of all need to create that config with docker config create crate and we just say this engineext config. Yeah enginex config file. Let's uh name it this way. And then we can say our config.yamel file. So now it's generating a config file object from that file. Now the only problem is that you can't really edit these configs later. You can list them just like the secrets. But if you want to change them, there is no edit command. So you would have to remove them and recreate them with updated values. That the only downside of this. But um you can do it the same way just like with the secrets. when you go back to the compose file and say config engine xx config file and make this external true. All right. And then inside the container we need to add configs and now we can define the source is the engineext config file our object. And now we can say where we want to put this in. Uh yeah, I don't know if that example config is actually a valid one. Uh I don't think so. But anyways, let's let's example conf example YAML. Yeah, I think that will be safer. Okay. All right. So, let's redeploy this project and see what's happening inside the container. I think it should be this one here. Updating service. All right. Yeah, perfect. And then we can go to the second or the third node depending on where any of the containers is running. It doesn't really make any difference which containers we choose. But if we want to open a shell inside this container for example, let's first of all check the secrets folder. There's our secret one. So if we just cut the out output of that, we have our super safe secret here. And if we go to etc engineext, we should have our enginex example config file with all the values that we passed as an object. And all the other containers on the cluster, no matter on which node they're started, will have the same config file and the same secret as all the other containers. So I think that's pretty cool. And yeah, so that's the Docker swarm mode. Obviously, you can do so much more with this. And of course, I'll need to make some follow-up videos explaining how to migrate several services like traffic. I already talked about this, but there may be other suggestions you might have about Docker Swarm. And please, I want to know what are your thoughts about it. Do you like Docker Swarm? Will you use it? Um, again, you can just enable this on your existing uh Docker hosts. All your existing projects will still run in the same way. So it's not damaging or hurting you. But you can enable it form a cluster and then start experimenting with it and from time to time start migrating the one or another container project to Docker um services or Docker stacks with Compose. I think it's a pretty cool technology and I will definitely continue using it. But yeah, I think that's it for today. As always, thank you so much for watching. A big thanks goes out to all of my supporters and members of my channel. You guys are really amazing. And have a nice day everybody. I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== How to structure your HomeLab network? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3Cagcs3r9s

Hey everybody, this is Christian and in today's video we're talking about how to create a well ststructured HomeLab network. Because I know this is unfortunately a topic that's often overlooked because IT and tech ners, we sometimes just love to tinker and put different bits and pieces together to make it just somehow work. But trust me guys, a well organized network is not only much more secure, it's also helping you in your home journey because it make things much easier when you're later expanding it. However, I know that when you're starting out, it is not easy to build a sophisticated network architecture from the ground up. You have to learn many different things and terminologies like network zone segmentation, subnetting, VLANs, IP, DHCP. So, I thought it might be useful to create a general guidance video with some practical examples showing you how I'm organizing and structurizing my home network. And I think this will be super helpful for beginners if you're just starting out, but also if you already have an existing homelap in network infrastructure, you will always find areas to optimize and improve. And before we jump right into structuring our home network, let me also talk about how to securely access your HomeLap network from outside and show you my absolute favorite tool when it comes to remote access called Twate, the sponsor of today's video. Because twin gate is always my first choice when I need to log into my home lab servers over SSH or access my other administrative tools because it is a secure fast and damn simple solution. It is what we call ZTNA in tech, a zero trust network access platform where every network request has to be verified and authorized otherwise twing won't let the request go through. And this technology even works through N devices and firewalls without any port forwarding or firewall exception. So you can just securely log into your device no matter where you are or where you are connecting from. So I strongly recommend you to try it out. Uh, please check out my video tutorials if you want to learn more about Twinate and how to set it up on your HomeLab network or how to integrate it into DevOps tools like Kubernetes or Terraform. It is super cool and the best, it is completely free for up to five users and 10 different remote networks. So, start making your HomeLab network not just more organized, also much more secure and accessible via Twinate. Of course, I will drop you a link to their website in the description down below. All right, guys. So now let's jump into structuring our home lab networks. The very first thing that I would always do is start outlining our network structure and topology. No matter if you already have an existing home lab, then just write down what you have or if you're planning to create a complete new infrastructure, then I think it's always best to start with a good plan. And it can vary from very simple uh topology. So I've seen many home labs where people just have one switch and one home router and a 1921 16800 network and that's totally fine but I've also seen many other crazy people uh having sophisticated enterprise level structures like they have different uh segments they use VLANs maybe even dynamic routing like BGP OPF or even STP for redundancy of course we won't go into that so don't be worried but there are many crazy dudes out there that do these things in a home so I just can say there's no real right or wrong how to do things in home lab. Yeah. Um especially if you're just starting out and uh vans are a bit too much for you then just start simple right I've gone through that process a couple of times because I'm also always changing my infrastructure. What is super important when you are outlining a network that you have to write it down somewhere and I can just recommend my absolute favorite tool Xaliraw where I do all my diagrams and graphics for the YouTube videos. This is such a fantastic tool. It even has a free tier that you can use on your browser and you can store these diagrams uh on your local device. So you even don't have to use a cloud subscription or anything is absolutely fantastic. And here you can see how I've organized and structured my home lab network. You can see a lot of different elements that I've used to structure and organized things. some controlling devices like my firewall system that has multiple IP addresses, my switch and then my servers, my private devices. Here you can see I also write down the IP addresses of my most uh critical devices like my Proxmox cluster, the Kubernetes cluster, the main production servers, my NAS and the home assistant server that I'm using. I'm not writing down IP addresses for my entire home network. So here on the left side you can see the LAN area where I've documented some devices like my Sophos access points, my Xbox, the TV, my Mac studio, the MacBook, iPhone and these type of things here. But I'm not writing down IP addresses for these devices as they mostly get dynamic IP addresses from my DHCP server. So you can take this as an example how to structure a home network, but I really want you to build your own topology. All right. So now let's dive a bit deeper into some of these technologies that you see here. So first of all I want to start with segmentation because this is a crucial thing and the names that you have seen here above these areas these are called network zones. So a network zone is just a logical group of network interfaces or devices. And I think this is also for a small home lab, a pretty important technology because you can use it to better control what devices or what users have access to your critical infrastructure to your servers. You can apply specific firewall rules or access controls. And honestly, it's also much better for organization because I can directly see where my home lab servers are and I cannot confuse them with other devices in my private network and so on. So here above you can see the WAN zone. This stands for wide area network. And I use this to define anything that is beyond my firewall. So my home router and also the public internet. Here you can see I'm using a network starting with 192 168 810 with a 24 subnet mask. I will later explain in a bit more detail what that means. Then we have my LAN zone. This is for my private network again where I have my TV, Xbox, all the other just regular home devices that you might have. This has the network 1010.0016. My pro network uh this is my actual production home lab so to speak where all of my servers and other stuff that you see in the videos is located. It starts with 10.20/16 2000/16. And then I'm also thinking about adding some devices in the future to a DMZ, which stands for demilitarized zone. And this provides a separate layer of security by isolating the public accessible servers from the internal network. So when I would host my private website from a server in my home lab, I would usually not put this into the same production home network where all the other testing devices are. I would put all the devices where people can access this from outside my protected network into a separate network zone so I can much better control what is going in and out of that zone and enforce stricter security policies when something is coming from the internet to my servers instead of when I'm just experimenting and trying out something. But yeah, I haven't actually used this. I will at least make one or two um adjustments to this structure to be able to effectively do this. But yeah, that's a topic. We'll talk in a few minutes about it. So these are the network zones that I've created. And by the way, if you're confused by these IP addresses and most people will be familiar with the 1921 168 whatever/24, this is what many many home routers use by default. And then the other networks like 1010.00 00 10.20.0016 are also IP networks in the private IP range but they look a bit different and they have a different subnet mask. This slash16. So what does that actually mean? Well, I don't want to make a complicated video about subnetting but just to show you how that generally works is the slash24 is the C notation of the 255.255.255. 255.0 subnet mask. So that means that the first 24 bits of the IP address are used for the network portion. Only the last eight bits are used for the host addresses. IP addresses assigned to devices in that network can vary from 1921 1680.1 to 254. And when you take a look at these networks that I have created, let's also do the IP calculation for 10.2016 for example. Here you can see that means the first 16 bits are the network portion and all the rest is available for host addresses. So a device that has the IP address 10.20 uh 53145 is in the same network as the 10.20 10.20 20 12 for example my servers usually start with 10.20 and my Kubernetes cluster for example it starts with 10.2020 so then I can immediately see oh this IP address is part of my Kubernetes cluster and I can better assign dynamic IP addresses in that Kubernetes cluster's IP range for any load balancers or something like this. So when I see an IP address in my home lab, I can directly recognize where this is coming from and what's the purpose of this device. But yeah, that's maybe just my crazy habit. Um, you might just want to keep it simple and stick to the 192 168 whatever 24 subnet mask. You get so many host addresses. I think that's more than enough for a small home network. So don't let yourself be confused by this. But I personally just find it a bit easier. Now let's also come back to the main question. Why the heck did I do this? Again, as I said, it is really practical to enforce security policies because if you're creating different network zones in your hobblap network, a device from one zone cannot necessarily access another zone. And the way how I control this is with my firewall. I just recently switched my main firewall to open sense. You might have seen that video. If you didn't, then go and check that out. But just to show you how I'm doing this here, you can see my firewall has IP addresses in all these networks. So it's the main controlling device and the main gateway where traffic coming from one zone going to another zone has to pass through. And of course this main controlling device, the firewall can then say what device or what user has access to what service or device in another zone. So here for example you can see when I go to my firewall rules I have created some rules for the LAN zone here you can see my Mac studio is currently in the LAN zone having this IP address and it's allowed to go anywhere so any zone any port any destination because I'm the administrator of my network and I have full access to everything but of course uh I don't want my regular private devices like my TVs my iPhones and whatever to have access to any server just to a few services that I specifically define in the firewall rules. For example, here you can see my DNS server that is currently located uh on the server production one under the 10.202 uh IP address. By the way, the 32 C notation means this IP address is really just that one host. So all the devices coming from the LAN network can access this IP address but only on port uh 53. And the other firewall rule will provide access to all the LAN devices to this IP address on port 443 which is my home assistant server. So I can control the lights on or off. And then I created a rule to block anything else that is coming from my LAN zone and is trying to get access to the trunk uh network, the pro network and the management network. As you can see here in the network topology, these refer to these elements. I've not created one for the DMZ because as I said it's a work in progress but yeah that's how I'm applying this. Um the next topic that we also need to talk about and I know it's getting a little more complex but the technology that allows me to do this and which is super practical is called VLANs which stands for virtual local area network because without VLANs you would have to buy a separate physical switch for each network zone and connect it to a separate physical port on the firewall because only then the different network zones are physically separated from each other and the firewall is the only main gateway where traffic needs to pass through. But as you can imagine, buying separate physical switches for a home lab is absolutely insane. It is super costly. Not only that you need to buy the hardware devices which cost a lot of money, it also costs um in terms of power consumption because each of the devices consumes power and as you can imagine this is a super important technology in professional IT networks. Everybody is using VLANs there because it allows you to virtually split your physical switch into multiple virtual switches where you can define for each port on the switch which VLAN uh it is on so that devices from one VLAN are really separated from devices in another VLAN. Let me show you on my sofa switch how exactly that works. So here I've created all these different VLANs. So every VLAN needs a unique identifier which is also sometimes called the VLAN tag. Just imagine this VLAN ID stands for a separate physical device. You see it a little better on the software switch when you go to VLAN settings. So here you can see every part of the upper row of my network switch is assigned to my private network and these ports here are assigned to my production homelap network. The same for DMZ. So you might have noticed that some of these ports have a different symbol. Uh most of them are untacked ports. So that means packets that are sent out to these ports and received from the devices are just treated as normal packets but they are just routed in between all these ports and not sent out to other ports. And one port is assigned as a tech port. So the tech port is something like a transport port for um sending out or receiving traffic from multiple VLANs. So you can see the same port 22 is assigned to the other VLANs as well. Whenever the switch is receiving a network packet that is coming from these untacked ports and has to be sent out to this tech port, the switch will add a small 12bit VLAN identifier to each of the network packets that are sent out to the tech port. So the device on the other end will know from which VLAN this network packet is coming from. That of course requires a configuration on that device as well. So on the device you also have to configure all these VLANs and the VLAN ids of course have to be matched. As you can imagine this port 22 this is exactly the network port where my opensense firewall is connected to. Here you can see all these VLAN interfaces with the same VLAN tag as I have configured on the switch. In this way I have connected my switch to the firewall uh transporting all these different VLANs and then the switch is segregating the traffic coming from the firewall out to the individual unteed ports. Now this is really great to achieve a solid network security concept. I know it might be tough to understand VLANs because I know it from my own experience. A long time ago, I was working as an IT service technician where I needed to go outside to customers and setting up networks, setting up computers and stuff and one customer bought three new HP switches with VLANs and it was the task to refactor the existing network structure and set up VLANs for this customer because they wanted the same. They wanted control of separating the servers where the critical and important company data was uh stored on and the other employees computers. I had no idea about VLANs and it was a complete mess. It took me the whole day and some of my weekend to find out how to connect these devices and how the untacked and tacked ports work and it was so frustrating. But I can tell you after that weekend when I finally understood how this works and I could set up the company's network, I was so happy and I was so excited because I had learned something new and I just wanted to try it out at home and apply the same security concept. And yeah, that's also what I'm using right now for my home lab. The next step that I'm aiming to achieve is to add this DMZ for the public facing services and add the Proxbox nodes to the VLAN concept as well. So that means what I'm trying to do is the ports where my Proxmbox servers are currently connected as unteed ports through the pro network. I want to make these tacked ports to uh the DMZ as well. So that would allow me to create a virtual machine on the prox nodes and put this into a different VLAN. So for example, I could have a server in the DMZ zone with an IP address 10.302 for example. And whenever this device has to send out traffic somewhere, it has to be routed through my firewall where I can define, hey, this DMZ server is not allowed to go into my production homelap network even though it is running on the exact same physical hardware. Using VLANs, I can separate these two networks out. And I think this would also be a great tutorial to show you how to set up VLANs on Proxmox, but I need some more time researching this. But that's definitely what I have in mind for the future. So, as you can see, every Holip network has some room for improvement. And before we wrap up, I also want to talk about another topic. Don't worry, it's not as complicated as VLANs, but it is also quite interesting. I hope you're still up for some more stuff. So, let's also talk about IP ranges because these help me to further split a single subnet into multiple logical sections. And this is super super practical for DHCP to avoid running into some IP address conflict problems and so on. DHCP by the way stands for dynamic host configuration protocol and this is the main network protocol used to automatically assign IP addresses and also other network configuration parameters to devices in a network. When you plug in a device like a laptop or a computer to your switch, it will send out a broadcast packet to locate a DHCP server saying something like, "Hello, I need an IP address." And the DHCP server responds to the device and assigns a new IP address that is not used by any other device and it tells it where the gateway is, where the DNS server is and so on. How you can easily manage a different IP ranges and DHCP. Um I'm also using open sense as my main DHCP server because what would be better right? So let's go into services DHCP and let's go to the LAN interface. So here you can see I have enabled the DHCP server on the LAN interface but I didn't assign the full network as an IP address range. I'm limiting this to 1010.10 so I can easily remember this to 1010.199. So these are all IP addresses that are used by the DHCP server. And when I go to leases you can probably see some of these addresses here. Ah yeah. So here's my iPhone for example the 1010 the watch. Okay, that's probably the uh Apple Watch or whatever. It has this address 1718 and it goes just on and on until 199 and then it's finished. And I usually create all my static IP addresses. So when I uh statically configure an IP address on a device in a completely different range, so this usually has 10.10.0 or one or two. I could just use any other uh number than 10 because if you would just have the DHCP range in the same range as you uh configure a static IP addresses, it um you might run into a pretty common problem. That is when a DHCP server tries to assign an IP address to a device that is already taken by a device that is statically configured. So the DHCP server doesn't know the IP address and it will result in an IP address conflict. Now, of course, the DHCP server isn't really dump. So, it usually checks if an IP address is already taken by a statically configured device before it's giving this IP address to another device. So, in reality, these problems don't always often occur. But it could be that you have a device with a static IP address that is offline for quite some time and the DHCP server hasn't seen that in a while. So, it assumes, oh, this IP address is free and is assigns it. And once the statically configured device with the same IP comes online again, you run into this problem. So I had this into some professional networks back in the days when I was working as a service technician. So I definitely learned my lesson to configure the IP address range from DHCP in a different range where I configure static IP addresses. Uh also another best practice tip I can share to you is when you have devices you want to configure with DHCP but you want to make sure these devices always get the same IP address and not dynamically. You can configure them in the DHCP server under static mappings for this device. And here you can enter the MAC address which is the worldwide unique identifier for this physical network interface. So no other device in the world will have the same address and you configure this to have a static IP address that is ideally outside of the regular DHCP range. So here for example I can directly see any device uh that has an IP address 1010.10 anything beyond 200. This is coming from a DHCP server, but it is statically mapped to a specific device as in this example, my Mac Studio, which always has this IP address. And this allows me to create firewall rules specifically for this Mac Studio. And no other device might accidentally receive the same IP address. All right. Again, it doesn't have to be that complicated. So you could also think about if you're using a 192 168 0 to uh make the static range from 1 to 20 and then have a DHCP range starting at 21 to 199 or whatever. So there are many different uh configurations possible according to your infrastructure and your requirements. But yeah, that's basically how I organize and structure my HomeLab network. And I thought it might be a good example to show you how you can easily repeat some of these uh techniques and and maybe improve your network infrastructure and organization to achieve a strong security concept and just have a better overview and can remember IP addresses better. Might be I hope that really helped you. But yeah, that's it for today. If you want to learn more, please also check out my other videos about excell DNS tutorial and of course my open sense firewall tutorial. I will drop you those in the description box down below. And as always, thank you so much for watching. A big thanks goes out to all my supporters and YouTube members. You guys are really amazing. And I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Have a nice day. Bye-bye.

=== Build your own HomeLab Firewall! // OPNSense Tutorial ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsNmzHcK2r4

[Music] Hey guys, this is Christian and in today's video I'd like to show you how you can easily build your own HomeLab firewall system with the free and open source software Open Sense. I've just tried that out in my own home lab and I can definitely tell you it's absolutely fantastic. Open Sense has tons and tons of features to better control, protect, and organize your home network, such as routing features, DHCP, DNS, uh setting up VLANs, but also advanced security stuff like VPNs, IDS, IPS, firewall rules. You can do so much with this thing. And yeah, as you might know, I'm not really new in the firewall game because I already had a pretty strong firewall appliance deployed the Sophos XGS 2100. Nevertheless, I wanted to try out Open Sense because I heard so many great things about it from the HomeLab community and also because I wanted to have a little more control over the software plugins and features on my firewall system as well as having the ability to later manage rules and settings through APIs or Terraform. Open Sense does that all. And I think if you're looking for a good firewall system for your home lab and you're not afraid of tinkering a bit, then I think open sense is definitely a great choice. So let me walk you through all the necessary steps you have to know to get it up and running. But before we start, let me also quickly introduce you to a flow, the sponsor of today's video. Because a flow simplifies your entire project and time management by combining time blocking and integrations into one intuitive platform. I've just recently tried that out and it's really amazing. You can organize your entire schedule and boost your productivity by just dragging and dropping tasks directly into your calendar. For example, I'm uh currently using this to plan my day whenever I'm working on my tech projects or making YouTube videos to help me keep track of all the important things I have to do. And what I personally really like about Ailiflow is that it seamlessly integrates into all my favorite tools such as Gmail, Slack, To-Doist, Notion, and many, many more. What is also pretty cool in Echilow is the AI co-pilot that really learns your habits and helps you to auto assign tasks to save time. And furthermore, it's also very flexible. You can customize many things, add morning rituals. For example, every morning I take a few minutes to organize the task that I want to work on. So if you like these things, if you like to increase your productivity and organization, then definitely check out Echlflow. It's a great tool for that. And of course, I leave you a link to this in the description box down below. All right, guys. So now let's get back to Open Sense. And before I show you how to exactly install this, let me also quickly talk about the hardware because that's probably the first question you might have. So where do you actually put this thing on? And the good news is that because OpenSense is free and open source, it's basically up to you what you do with it. You can install this on a regular uh computer using AMD or Intel CPUs just like I did. Uh but you can also buy some professional hardware appliances where you can just put this thing on. You can also install it in a virtual machine. So it's really a flexible system that you can set up basically the way you like it. One thing you probably should only take care of is that the device you're installing Open Sense on has more than one network interface because firewalls and routers all work the same way. You have one interface, that's the LAN, the local area network where you can simply connect your HomeLab switch to and all the other devices in your network. And the WAN interface, the wide area network that you can, as you might already guess it, connect to the public internet to your home router or modem or whatever your ISP has given you. And then open sense is in between the public internet and your home network and can control, protect and organize everything. For my setup, I've chosen the minis forum MSA1, which is a small and very power efficient barebone mini PC. So that means you can get it in various configurations even without a CPU. Note, this has to be an AMD one, but you have much more control and can better decide how you want to size this system. I've chosen the AMD Ryzen 5 8,500G, which comes with six cores and 12 threads and an integrated GPU, which I think is perfect for a power efficient system like that. I also bought two 8 GB memory modules from Crucial. So, I got 16 GB in total. And I've also added a 1 TB NVME drive. But the main reason why I've chosen this system was that it has two 2.5 GB Ethernet network interfaces. So I think I don't need to tell anything else about this small mini PC. I probably could make a separate review video. So yeah, let me know if you're interested in that, but I thought it might be a bit too much for this video. We mainly want to focus on the open sense firewall system and not on the hardware because like I said, you can put this thing onto every device that you like. So just search for something that fits your personal requirements like minis forum. They got also some nice alternatives but you can also check out some other vendors like GeekCom for example or zema. There are other options that you can choose from. All right guys so now next step is to download and install the open sense software. Go to the official website opensense.org. So there you can find everything that you need. Just click on download open sense and then you can select your image type. So if you're not sure what these image type mean, we can check that out in the documentation when you go to install. And here under the initial installation and configuration documentation, there is a small table under the embedded versus full settings. So here you can get some details about this type DVD, VGA, serial, nano, and if the image type is full or embedded. So embedded is what you typically would use in environments where you need to pre-install the storage media or where you lack resources like a console access or screen. On a regular computer just like my minis forum PC um I would always recommend using the full image type and use VGA because then you can easily create a simple USB stick with the openside system boot from that and just do the installation just like on any other regular computer. I'm pretty sure you all know how to do that. By the way, don't let yourself be confused when it directly boots an operating system because it uh always runs a live environment where it allows you to test and explore all the open sense functionality without changing anything on the disk. And if you're happy with everything, then you just need to log in uh with the installer user and the default password open sense and then it starts a guided installation wizard. So that's what I've also done here. You can see I've also chosen to install the opensense system using ZFS. Alternatively, you could also use UFS, but according to the OpenSense documentation, you should in most cases choose ZFS because it's the more reliable option and it provides redundancy options. So if you got multiple hard drives on your system, in my case, I just had one NVME drive, so I've chosen the Stripe U with no redundancy option. Then it just installed this on one single drive. But of course this is now a permanent option. So which destroys everything on the disc. So you need to confirm it and then you just need to wait until the installation process is finished and then the system reboots. Now once the system is rebooted, it will take you to the main menu on the open sense console which is a very simple administrative menu where you can do some general settings uh like setting up interfaces, assign interfaces. The main configuration later is done on a web interface on open sense. But of course that requires you to set up the network interfaces first. So if that hasn't automatically be detected, you can do it through this small administrative menu. Here I ran into a small problem that I need to talk about. Um because the Minis Forum MSA1 has two realtech 2.5 network interfaces and unfortunately open sense does not automatically load the realtech network drivers that are needed to detect these interfaces and therefore I couldn't assign them and I also couldn't open any network connection to this open set system open the web interface and so on. So I had to fix this problem first. After researching online forums the open sense documentation I found out how to do that because as expected I wasn't the only guy having problems with that. So open sense why don't you just enable the real tech drivers it shouldn't be a big deal to do that so that would help many people with these type of network interfaces but anyway I don't want to blame these guys you can easily do it through the opens shell which basically is a free beasty operating system and then you can use the shell commands to do that. Now, I'm not really an expert in FreeBSD. I've never worked with this system before. So, I needed to use AI to help me doing this, but it actually worked pretty well. So, first of all, um I needed to download these two packages from the pkg.opens.org website where you need to navigate uh to the freebd version, then the latest version of OpenSense. Go to latest and you will see all the packages that you can download and install on open sense which might add some additional hardware support that you need or other features. For the real tech network drivers, you just need to download the OS realtech re package and the dependency package, the realtech re KOD pkg. Put them on a small USB drive and then go back to the console. Usually, it also shows you some lock lines if your USB stick has connected. If you don't know what specific address the stick has, you can use the cam control defaf list command. This will show you all the detected devices in a list. So the first one is my internal NVME drive. The second is USB stick. Note, you can find the exact device name at the end of these lines. In my case, it is DA0 P1. So remember that. And then just create a mount point with this command. You should know that from a Linux console under the mount USB or any other folder for this device. And then just ran the pkg add command on these two packages. First for the dependency package and then for the realtech re package that contains the drivers. And yeah, that's basically everything you have to do. Then you simply reboot the device and then your network interfaces should be detected correctly as it was the case for me. As you can see in the recording, um I've also decided to set up some VLANs at this point, which you can do or you can skip if you're not using VLANs in your home network. As I said, you need at least two network interfaces, a LAN and a WAN interface. And for the WAN interface, I wanted to keep using DHCP, which means when I connect this physically to my home router, which is a Fritzbox that I got from my ISP, the OpenSense firewall should just get an IP address from that home router's network, just like any other computer would if you would connect it. But for the LAN interface, I wanted to make OpenSense the new main controlling device for my home network. So, I gave it a static IPv4 address. When you also enable DHCP, you can just plug in your switch and any other devices that are connected to that automatically get an IP address within that configured subnet. Of course, you should definitely make sure this is different from your WAN interface, but I don't want to go into too much detail about networking. By the way, I'll probably make a separate video about this the coming weeks where I go in a little more detail on how to set up a HomeLab network. So, if you want to learn more about that, if you want to learn more about DHCP, DNS, IP ranges, zones, and all of that stuff, then don't forget to subscribe to my channel so you won't miss that because in today's video, we mainly just focus on Open Sense. All right, everybody. So, that's how you install and set up the Open Sense software on a regular computer like the Miniso Mini PC that I've chosen, but you can also just repeat the same steps on a virtual machine setup. just download the ISO and just mount it to a virtual DVD drive and follow the steps. And if you got trouble with the 2.5 GB realtech network drivers, then also follow the instructions that I've used. By the way, I've also added a small documentation with these commands on my new website Christianer. So, definitely check this out. This hopefully helps you uh to better follow these instructions so you don't have to write them down while watching the video. There you'll also find all my other recent videos with some additional documentation. So yeah, just check it out if you like. Uh but of course um the installation was just the first part. Usually a firewall system doesn't really work like a regular home router. Yeah, it's not just plugandplay where you connect all your devices and everything just works immediately. Firewalls are a bit more complex to configure because they have so many features and you can control and set up so many things and it might even be a bit overwhelming for beginners. In my case, I needed to switch a few cables around, set up VLANs appropriately and stuff like that. So, I thought it might be helpful to just show you the end result of how my open sense configuration looks like and let's go through the most critical areas that you definitely have to set up on a new system. So, let me log into my OpenSense firewall. So, here you can see the dashboard. And what I can say right away is that I absolutely love this dashboard. It's super clean, uh, minimalistic, and super fast and snappy, but you get really the most critical and important insight into what is going on on your network. Here you can also see the interface statistics. And as you can see, I have added a few more interfaces uh not just LAN and WAN. I've also added a few others like a trunk port, a pro interface, which is for my production home network where all my servers are connected to. And in the firewall insights, you can also see what firewall rules currently process uh how much traffic and generally how much traffic is going in and out of your network. I really love these um graphs. they give you the most important insights and you can even customize this. You can also add other widgets in here if you like. So I definitely play around with this but for now I think let's um focus on the most critical parts that you should definitely set up. Uh so first of all I want you to go to the system settings and check the general configuration. So when you go to settings general here you can set up uh the host name of your system the domain. So that usually is your local uh DNS zone that you're using for your home lab. You can also set up the theme that you should definitely switch to dark mode. That will make the web interface look much better. And yeah, you can also do some other general settings if you like. But these are really the most critical uh settings that you should uh take care of. Also the system configuration. Here you can take backups if you want to save and restore your configuration. That's pretty important. and of course other settings like firmware settings, updates, um plugins and stuff like that. You should take a look at these things here. Just explore some of these areas. You can also take snapshots if you're experimenting with some configurations and stuff like that and roll back to others. That's pretty cool. But one area where I needed to configure a few more things is the interface area because just like I shown you in the dashboard, I have multiple interfaces assigned. And you might have seen in the recording of the setup that I added some VLANs. And if you're not familiar with VLANs, you probably shouldn't care about this, but if you do, you can set them up here in this menu when you go to devices VLANs. And here you can configure the VLAN tag and also assign these VLANs to network interfaces. When you go to assignments, all the VLAN devices that you created usually show up here in this drop-own menu where you first of all need to assign the virtual devices to a real interface. So once you done that, the interfaces will show up here in this drop-own menu and then you can configure them. For example, when we go to the WAN interface, I've already configured this on the administrative console of open sense uh during the installation process. Uh but you can adjust a few things here. Uh for example, if you uh want to prevent the interface removal, I think that's uh kind of important, you can enable this. You can also give it a description uh with something like public internet gateway or something like this. Yeah, you can also configure uh if it should be DHCP or if it should use a static IP address. What I really absolutely love about this system is that it has these small icons here with an information. So when you click on this, it will give you a description what this setting is about. And this is super super helpful um because otherwise if you would look uh into the documentation you first of all have to search this setting and then find out what that means and so on. I really like this. This still makes it flexible enough for pros and advanced users but also for beginners. Um you have at least some description what these settings are about. And if you don't know what this setting is, you usually can ignore it. All right. But yeah, here you do your general network interface setup. Always don't forget to click on save once you changed a configuration and then you have to apply this first because we changed the description here public internet gateway and we click this lock button to prevent the removal. We need to apply these changes so they become live or active. All right. So let's go to the LAN interface as well. So here you can see I already enabled the prevent removal. I gave it a static IPv4 address in the zone 10.10.0.1. 0.16. I kind of have my own way of assigning IP addresses and creating subnets. Usually, it's also okay to just use 192, 168, 0, whatever for your uh local networks. You unlikely will have more than 254 devices. Okay. Anybody else might have their own uh preference how to configure IP addresses and ranges. Here, for example, my production home network. So I probably should also click this box here. This has 10.20. So I know uh anything that has 20 here uh is in my home lab infrastructure and not my regular private network. The DHP settings you should also take a look at when you enable this by default during the installation procedure. That's usually fine, but you can customize a few things here. When you go to services and go to ISC DHCP v4, this is usually by default the DHCP server that is active. You could also alternatively use the ki uh DHCP if you like that, but um I think I see DHCP v4 is fine. And here for example in the LAN zone you can see I enabled DHCP server for that interface. This is the available range and the DHCP range. I added one from 1010.10 to 1010.109. Here you could also configure other settings like a gateway or a DNS server that you want to assign to devices that get IP addresses from your open sense firewall. What is also practical if you go to leases you can see what devices in your network have uh received what IP addresses. Here you can see my iPhone for example and there are some other devices in here my access points and um also if you want to configure DNS unbound DNS this is the default you could also enable open DNS if you like but unbound DNS that has many many features and it's super simple to configure. So here you usually don't have to do anything. You could um limit this to specific network interfaces like for the WAN interface you usually don't really need a DNS server and that might have some security implications. So on a production network I would disable this for sure but in my home lab I think that's fine. But the most important setting here is the query forwarding because as I told you, I have a local DNS server installed in a Docker container that's running my bind DNS and that will do the uh named resolving for anything in my home lab that hasome.crave.de. And of course, I want to not forward these uh requests to the public internet. I want to forward them to my local DNS server that has the IP address 10.20. 2022. Super important setting if you uh need to set up trusted TLS certificates uh for your home lab and uh you have DNS server at home. And once you're done with that, you should also definitely take a look at the firewall settings. So one thing that might be important to take a look at is the firewall nut outbound nut. So here you can see uh open sense has a general setting to add an automatic outbound net rule generation. Um, I would definitely enable this setting. This makes sure that your local devices can connect to the public internet and the open sense masquerades your internal IP addresses with its public IP address. This is super important. By default, it is enabled. So, you usually shouldn't play around with this. If you want to make any customizations because you know what you're doing, you can do this. If you need port forwarding, so incoming connections forwarded from outside to your local network, you can add something in here. So I also haven't played around with this because I don't need it but these are the areas where you should take a look at and of course also the rules. So here your interfaces should show up. Um you can add rules for any specific network interface where you can define what is allowed uh to go where. For example, here in my uh additional VLAN interfaces, I needed to add these rules myself because by default, a firewall system will not allow any traffic to transmit although you specifically allow it to. And of course, you can also add dite rules. So here, for example, when we go to LAN back, you can see I've created a default allow land to any rule. If we edit this, you can see it has the action pass. Depending on what you want to allow, you can just set this to any to allow any network traffic from all applications, all protocols, whatever. Or you can very specifically say, hey, I just want to allow TCP or UDP traffic or MP for ping requests. And then you can define a source, which usually means a network or an IP address range. For example, anything that is coming from this specific IP address range using a TCP connection in the LAN interface is only allowed to go to my production homelap network, but only using HTTPS or SSH. Then you can also give this rule a description. Um, you can add a schedule, set a gateway, traffic shaping. We're not messing around with these settings, but here you can very specifically define what is allowed to go where and where is coming from, what protocol. This is really, really flexible. But as you might have seen, you have to think it through. You have to get used to it. But to summarize, these are the most important settings that you should do. First of all, uh set up some general settings about the firewall. Then configure your interfaces, assign the interfaces, set up DHCP, set up DNS, and then start creating or playing around with your firewall rules to better protect and secure your home network. Of course, there are many other things that we could talk about like we didn't talk about VPNs. We didn't talk about IDS, IPS. Uh but I think with a system like this with Open Sense, you have a base foundation to do all these things later. And yeah, you of course can expect future videos from me about this topic. So, be a little patient with me. I need to research many other areas in the system, but so far I absolutely love this. So, don't forget to give this one a like and subscribe to the channel. That would be really amazing. And thanks everybody for watching. I hope I catch you in the next one. And as always, a big thanks goes out to all of my supporters and the YouTube members. You guys are amazing. So, take care. I see you next time. Bye-bye.

=== Self-hosted Automation for Git, Webhooks, and more // Kestra #3 ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpAJjtUjZOE

Hey guys, this is Christian and today I'm going to show you my new automation project that I've built in Castra, the powerful open-source workflow orchestrator that I'm self-hosting in my home lab. And I use this to run any scripts, manage applications, containers, or do any other regular maintenance tasks using Ansible and Terraform. Something that we've already covered in previous videos here on this channel. But in today's video, I'd like to show you another interesting automation use case that I've developed for my new website. Remember the one that we've built from simple markdown files using the Hugo static website framework. It honestly took me quite a while to find out how to do this because I needed to fiddle around a lot with APIs using web hooks, git, Python, and all of that stuff. But it was such a cool and exciting project that I thought it might be useful to show you exactly how I've built this because anybody who is interested in DevOps and automation can learn how to connect APIs, get repositories, and web hooks in meaningful way using the Castros platform. So I hope you're going to enjoy it and thanks a lot to Castra for sponsoring this video. All right. So before we jump straight into the automation flow that I'd like to show you, let's first take a quick look at the project plan so you get a better understanding of what exactly I have automated using which tools and how the different techniques and platforms all work together because otherwise it can get quite complicated. So first of all, as you might know from some of my older videos, I'm mainly using notion as my note takingaking and project documentation platform. I think notion is really a great tool that is also commonly used in the tech space and it's really great to store data. That's the reason why I'm also using this to manage all my YouTube video projects. So here I'm uploading the thumbnail for the video, the description, the link to my video on the YouTube platform when it's published. Basically any information that I later also want to publish as a new post on my website. And because notion recently added a new feature to send web hooks to any thirdparty system, I've created a new automation for this YouTube video database that will run every time when I change the status of one of my video projects to published. Then notion will send a web hook to my Castra automation platform where I'm using this data to process it and publish it on my website fully automatic. By the way, if you're not familiar with web hooks, these are a pretty standard technique in IT. It's basically a term for a simple HTTP web request that it's mainly used in serverto-s server communication. So to connect two different systems and send data based on an event or a trigger to another system where it's processed and yeah doing some other useful stuff with it. So in notion for example, you can select the specific properties of your database item that triggered the automation flow like the name of the video project, the title of the video, the video URL, the thumbnail and so on. And all this information is then included in the web request that gets sent to my Castra's automation platform. One challenge I had to solve here uh because Castra is running in my local network that I of course don't want to expose to the public internet without any security or authentication. I also needed to add two authentication credentials. One for the Cloudflare zero trust. So the Cloudflare tunnels that I'm using to securely connect to my local network and a second one to authenticate uh to the Castras platform via my authentic service. In notion, you can just easily add these authentication credentials as custom headers. By the way, I've also done separate videos about Cloudflare Zerorustrust and authentic. So, if you want to learn more about authentication in your hub app, you can also watch these videos. And then in the Castros platform, when the web hook is received from notion, it of course needs to do some stuff. It needs to first pass the request first. So transform all the necessary fields and variables that are sent with this request into a usable format and then create a new markdown file from a specific template that will work with my Hugo static website. And then also finally it needs to push these files to the git repository on my self-hosted GitLab instance where the website source code is located. By the way, when anything changes on this Git repository, it automatically rebuilds my website and publishes it on the Cloudflare's worker platform. If you're interested in how that actually works, I've already created two videos about my new website. That's why in this video, we really just focus on the Castra automation logic. All the rest is covered in these other videos. Of course, I will link you them in the description box down below. So, check them out if you want to learn more about these topics. All right. So that's basically the whole plan and the automation logic. Let's now take a look at the code of my automation flow and I'll explain to you what's actually happening in here because as you can see it got quite a long document. So let's first start with how Castro receives and parses the web hook request from notion. To receive web hooks in Castro, you just need to add a new trigger from the core plugins called web hook. Here you just need to define a key which is a secret. You also have to put in the URL of the third party system that will send the web hook in the notion automation. You might have seen this URL already. So the first part is the location of my Castro's platform. Nothing special in here. But then after the API endpoint, you have to refer to the specific automation flow so that Castra knows which flow to execute when it receives the request. And at the end you also have to put that secret in that you defined. You can view the specific format that you have to use for the web hook in the castras documentation that will also automatically open up when you select the trigger in your flow code editor. So just replace these placeholders after the slashes with a name space, the flow ID and the secret key. To demonstrate how that works, let's go to my notion platform and switch one of the video projects to publish that I need to update on my website anyway. And in the Castras web UI, you should see a new execution that will then run the entire pipeline logic. As with all executions in the Castro platform, you can easily view the entire execution log in a Gant diagram where you can simply see what step took how long and you can also inspect the logs. You can see the topology of the flow or inspect the outputs and metrics of your execution. I think Caster really provides great visibility into all these processes. So you can easily troubleshoot when something is not working the way you expected it. And the outputs are particularly interesting for my automation flow because as I said earlier, we didn't want to tell Castra just hey there is a new video project that was published. We of course also want to send all the necessary information of this video with that request like the title, the thumbnail, the video URL and so on so that the automation flow can create the markdown file for the website with the real information. So the first challenge was to find out in which specific format the notion web hook actually sends the database properties because I didn't really know what were the names of the fields and so on. And in the cast web UI you can very easily find that out if you go to the execution overview and when you scroll down you should see an object for your web hook trigger. In this web hook trigger, there is a field called variables. And in here, you will find all the details about that web hook request that Castro received like the HTTP headers it was sent with as well as the body which usually contains all the content that was sent with this request. And in my example with notion, for each database property that I enabled in the automation, it created a new field under the data properties object like the date, the name, the title, video URL, and so on. So I just needed to click through that to find out where the content that I'm looking for is located. Honestly, Notion does it a bit complicated. It has a lot of nestings and arrays because it supports different formattings of text which is a bit annoying and sometimes weird to pass. And that's why I thought the first step in my automation flow was to store these variables in Castra output so I could easily reuse them later in my other tasks. And this is I think the recommended way in Castra because it's a native uh variable type that you can use to pass data between tasks and other flows. So what I've done is I've added a new task from the type output values. So this I've used to store the variables from the nested body object of the web hook into easy rememberable names like the name will later just contain the name of the database object. The title will contain the video title, the description, the description and so on. Just one thing that was a bit more difficult is the thumbnail because the thumbnail is not a simple text value. It's an image. And when you use notion web hooks to send images, it doesn't really send the actual payload inside the request. It sends a specific shortlift link to a storage location that you can use to download the thumbnail from. But this is something I will come back to later. It is just important that we have all the necessary values from the web request stored in Castra outputs. So now we can use these values to create the markdown files for the video project. Of course, if you've watched my first videos about the Hugo static website framework, you probably remember how this is working. Again, this is my git repository stored on my self-hosted GitLab instance. This contains the actual source code of the website. And in Hugo, any new video post have to be placed in the content videos folder. So here you can see all the markdown files for all the other video projects. And whenever I want to publish a new video project on my website, I just need to create a new folder with that video project name, put in the markdown file, fill in the values, and push these changes to the git repository. And to do that, we of course first of all need to clone the repository into the Castras automation flow. I'm just using the Castra's Git clone plug-in for that. It's pretty straightforward. You just put in the URL of your git repository and then it gets cloned to the workspace folder. So in my case, this is the URL of my self-hosted GitLab instance where the website source code is located. What might be important to know at this point is that I'm using the SSH protocol. I first tried that with cloning using HTTPS, but that caused a problem later and that's that's why I needed to switch to SSH, put in my private key to securely authenticate and so on. Also quite another important step in Castra when you're working with Git repositories and you want to access the files from that repository and other tasks later is that you need to store them in one persistent working directory. So at least it is persistent for that actual execution. After that it can get deleted but by default Kestra will always create a new temporary folder for each individual task in your flow. which means if you clone a repository first, the other tasks wouldn't have access to it. So therefore, I needed to use the working directory task and add all the other tasks as sub items to that. So they all happen in the exact same temporary directory where the first task can clone the source code and the others can also do something with these files. Now that I had this structure, I cloned the repository, I got the variables from the web request, I could finally start creating the markdown file in the videos folder of my website where I put all the variables that we've earlier stored in the cast output. And because this was kind of a more complex task, I thought it would be best to just create a new script to do that. Of course, I've chosen Python for that because it's honestly just one and only programming laggers that I really know. Kra has a new feature implemented in some earlier versions that is really interesting for running scripts. It has now a new tab in the web UI editor that is called files which is basically a file storage in Castra for each nameace where you can upload any type of files that you need to use or access in your flows. In my case, I've just created a new folder called website where I want to put all the files or scripts that are necessary for my website automation such as the video generate Python script. So that will generate the actual markdown file and a video arc type markdown file which is the template that defines how exactly the markdown file for the video project on my website has to look like. So here you can find also placeholders for all the variables, the title, the name, date, description, and a video element. I will later show you in a bit more detail what that video element actually is. But um these files you can pretty easily access in any Castra task by just using the attribute name space files and then specify which files you want to include to that specific task. Here you can also see how I'm executing the Python script plugin where I first I want to install some Python libraries that I need for this script. The Ginger 2 library by the way is necessary for the template and the file creation and then I just execute the video generate Python script. And what is also important, I of course needed to pass the castras outputs which contain the variables and information for that file from the web request as simple environment variables. So I could easily access these environment variables in my Python script. Might be a bit complicated for anybody who is not deep into Python programming and so on. I'll try to summarize it at a high level. So by the way, I have also not written most of the script myself. I've actually used artificial intelligence in my warp terminal to do that for me. But um what this Python script will basically do is it parses the variables from the cast output. So it get from the environment variables and then it transforms the video URL to extract the video ID on the YouTube platform because I need to later generate a specific video element that uh my website renders as a video embedding. To understand how that works, you probably have to watch my Hugo video. And yes, it also took me quite some time and some back and forth with artificial intelligence to improve the script, testing it and so on. Surprisingly, it worked pretty well and reliably. And um if we go back to the execution logs, you can also see what's happening in the script. Sometimes I write some locks to the output console so I can see how it transforms the Castra output objects. This for example is the formatted YouTube description with all the reference links and so on that will later get published on the website. And there you finally can see that the file successfully is created with a new directory with the video project name/index.md. So this is the actual markdown file that got generated from that template. Now one thing that I probably should also explain when executing Python scripts in Castra is that you can do this in two ways. So this is also part of the new feature that was earlier introduced in a castra version that is called the task runners because you can specify if you either want to execute a script as a simple process. So this is really the same as you would just execute these scripts commands on the server shell where caster is installed. Alternatively, you could also use a taskr runner called docker. So then you can run these scripts in an isolated Docker container where you can specifically install any tools or use specific Docker images that contain the tools you need for the scripts. And it's really executing these tasks in an isolated process space using the Docker engine. But um again with this task I'm totally fine with executing it as a simple process. We will later run have an example where I used the docker task runner because it made more sense there. I've also used the taskr runner process for the next step in the cast flow. So this is just there for downloading the thumbnail because as I said earlier the notion web hook doesn't actually contain the thumbnail image. It just contains the URL where you can download the image from. It's just a simple shell script in Castra that uses the curl command to download the thumbnail from that image and puts it into the same video project folder as a feature.jpeg image that is automatically used by the theme of the Hugo website as a thumbnail for this post. But after executing all these tasks in the Castra flow, I had all the information that the website needs to create the post. The only thing that was left were pushing these changes to the git repository. And this is where I thought about some different solutions. One idea that I had was to fully automate this by just pushing the changes to the main branch using Git. That would automatically trigger a complete rebuild of the website and fully automated the publishing process. However, there was one argument against that because even my sophisticated scripts sometimes have problems and there will be of course some errors or things that could go wrong. Maybe that could even break the entire website. So, I still wanted to have some sort of manual control over the content updates that are actually published on my website. So that's why I thought about not just pushing the changes to the main branch of the Git repository, but instead creating a merge request which I can then see in my GitLab instance and I can review it. I could even make changes or small adjustments if the automation script got something slightly wrong, maybe in the description text or the URL or whatever. This way I could still see what's going to happen before it actually happens and I manually have to confirm it. That of course introduced another challenge for me because merge requests are very much dependent on the actual git platform that you're using. So that means merge requests on GitLab are different. The pull request on GitHub and Castra didn't really have a specific tool or plug-in to easily create merge requests on GitLab. So that's why you probably can imagine I needed to write another script or a few commands. And this time I wanted to use the Docker task runner in Castra because the tools that I need for creating the merge request in GitLab. This is the Gab CLI tool that also exists in a simple Docker container. So I thought instead of installing this on the server where Caster is running, it might be better to execute all these commands of the task in a Docker container with the image that already contains the necessary tools. So that's exactly what I've done. And here you can see all the commands that I've executed in this temporary docker process. Um I needed to pass through some environment variables to the container for the GitLab host and the authentication, my username and email address because this is needed in git. And then I needed to execute some commands before um the actual pushing process like adding the SSH keys for the authentication details so that the merge request got successfully created. Honestly, I really struggled with this because there was a lot of authentication and back and forth testing and whatever. So, I first of all needed to add the username and email address to the git global config because otherwise I couldn't create the merge request. And then I needed to execute some git commands first to create a new branch for this adding the files that we've created earlier in the automation flow. And then I needed to commit the changes and push them and after that create the merge request using the Gab CLI tool for the new video. When I execute this entire automation flow, you can see what's happening in my self-hosted GitLab instance. Here I got a new merge request for this new video project that I just published in notion. Here you can see the two files that were added to the git repository by my castras automation flow. The thumbnail and the markdown file which contains all the necessary information in the exact format that I want. And yeah, when I see this, when I'm happy with the content that should get published, I just have to click on merch and then it just takes a few minutes until the Cloudflare worker has rebuilt the website with the new content and all the changes and everything gets live on my public website. So guys, I'm super excited about this because it takes me a lot of time, but I don't really know if that matters to you. I hope it was still interesting to see what you can all do with Castra and how to build really sophisticated automation flows that include a bunch of different steps like running scripts, cloning Git repositories, working with different tools and task runners, and how you can really connect all your different systems to really do something useful with automation. This at least was a use case that really matters to me. So, please let me know in the comments of this video if you like that. If you want to see more of these real use cases and if you want to stay up to date with all the projects and content that I'm creating, then also make sure to subscribe to my channel. And a big thanks goes out to all of my supporters and YouTube members. You guys are just amazing. You make all this possible. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== The BEST alternative to Docker and VMs! // Proxmox LXC ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIfRchzYSzM

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today we're diving into Linux containers or shortly called alexe on Proxmox. I know Docker has dominated the container conversation here on my channel for a long time, but alexe is a powerful alternative that's often overlooked. In one of my latest AI projects, I was forced to use a Linux container on Proxbox for the very first time. And that really made me think about if I should use it a little more often in the future. Because alexe is a fantastic technology on Linux. It's great when you need a small environment that behaves just like a virtual machine to test or deploy applications, but without the overhead of a full-blown operating system. These containers are incredibly efficient and fast, but still provide a robust isolation layer. Especially on Proxmox, it's super easy to manage them. And another cool thing I just discovered recently, there are even ways to simplify the application deployment in Alexe with community scripts or automated in infrastructure as code tools like Terraform. Trust me guys, even if you are a huge fan of Docker or virtual machines, the capabilities of Alex Prox might surprise you. So, let's check it out together. Before we do that though, I quickly like to show you how you can easily manage all of your tech and home lab projects. Because if you're juggling around different tasks and projects like me, you can lose track pretty fast. That's why you should use monday.com, the intuitive all-in-one work platform where you can collaborate efficiently with a team, manage complex projects, and even automate repetitive tasks. Monday.com is super simple and intuitive to use. You can easily create to-do lists for the next actions that you're planning in your projects. Create custom fields with additional notes, manage priorities, or plan timelines. As you might know, guys, I also absolutely love Canvan boards because that gives you the perfect overview of all the stuff that's going on. But you can also do some pretty cool advanced stuff like connecting different boards and adding dependencies between the tasks. For example, if one of your projects is to deploy a new application, but that requires the installation of a new server or adding certain DNS records first. For these type of workflows, monday.com is just perfect. And you can even create stunning dashboards, reportings, documentation pages. It's super cool. To get started, just check out monday.com by using the link in the description box down below and start streamlining your work like never before. All right, guys. So now let's take a look at Alexe. Before we jump straight into some examples on Proxmbox, let me first of all give you a little background about Alexe, how it works and how it competes to other virtualization technologies you might be familiar with. So Lexe simply stands for Linux containers and was released in 2008. So it's already been around for quite some time. And at its core, Alexe uses Linux kernel features like Dave spaces and croups to achieve something that we call operating system level virtualization. And that allows you to run applications on the same Linux kernel as the host, but in their own isolated process space. So that's a pretty big deal compared to virtual machines because virtual machines have their own kernel, their own drivers, therefore provide a stronger isolation layer than Lexe. But that also means that virtual machines are much heavier and require more resources. By the way, containerization might be a concept you're already familiar with in case you watch many of my other videos because there I mostly use Docker and Docker is also a similar technology like Lexe. Uh in the early days of Docker, it even used Lexe under the hood. But nowadays, Docker and Alexe diverged significantly since Docker built its own containerization engine and stopped using alexe. And Docker also focuses a lot more on virtualizing applications, application packaging and so on. And honestly, I have to say it, Docker even got a lot more attention in the recent years than Alexe. But still, Alexe, in my opinion, is a viable alternative to Docker, especially on Proxmox because Proxmox allows you to easily create and manage alexes directly in the web UI or even through automation. And it's really great in these situations where you just want to run some workloads in an isolated environment on Proxmox, but you don't want or need a full-blown virtual machine with its own operating system. In these use cases, it's often better to just use an Lexe. But even though technically it isn't, Alexi still feels like a virtual machine. So for example, instead of Docker, you can easily connect from your local machine to your Alexi over SSH, log into the shell, install applications, even update the packages, whatever you want to do with it, just like in a virtual machine. You can, by the way, even run Docker containers in an Alexia as well if you want. And so it's in my opinion a super interesting technology that you definitely should try out if you haven't done it already. But of course you don't have to do it alone. So let's do it together on my Proxmox instance. It's super simple to create alexis on Proxmox. You first of all have to download a container template in Proxmox. These are the container images simply packed in tarball archives and contain everything that a container needs to run. You just go to your Proxmox node where you want to start the alexe. Then select the local storage or any other storage where you have enabled CT templates. Then go to the templates and then go to download from URL if you have any custom location or you can even use the Proxmox maintained images because Proxmox provides a variety of basic templates for the most common Linux distributions. You can find things like Ubuntu in here, open sus, Dian, but you can also download turnkey Linux container images. By the way, turnkey is a project that creates pre-built ready to use virtual appliance images. Essentially, they just take a Linux distribution, typically Debian or Ubuntu, then pre-install and configure popular software packages, so you don't have to do it yourself. And this way you can easily deploy and install applications like GitLab or Postgress, EngineX, Drupal, Jenkins. So just go through that list. You'll find some really valuable stuff in here. But we are not using Turnkey today. I haven't really looked into this to be honest. I will later show you another community project that I personally prefer using. Once you have downloaded your desired container templates on Proxmox, you can then start creating a new Linux container. So just simply go to create CT which is right next to create VM and then it's opening the familiar Proxmox menu just like you would create a virtual machine. So select the node where you want to create this container on. Give it a unique identifier. In my case I'm just using this ID. I think that's fine. You also need to give it a host name. For example, Alexe test one. Then you also can decide if you want to run this as an unprivileged container. So uh I probably have to explain this. Historically alexes ran with nearly full root privileges on the host operating system. So this meant they had access to a wide range of host resources and kernel features. And this of course presented a significant security risk. Yeah. If a container is compromised, the attacker could potentially gain control of the entire host. That's why Alex's started using or started running as unprivileged containers by default. isolating the containers as much as you can from the host kernel limiting the potential damage uh in case of a compromise. And nesting is also another flag that is used in unprivileged containers that basically mounts the /rock and/sis uh directories inside the container. So you can decide if you want to enable this or not. Maybe some applications might need access to these directories for managing processes or quering kernel options. Yeah. And even some workloads might require privileged containers. So then you have to disable it. But I would strongly recommend using unprivileged containers. Then you also need to give it a strong password that you can later use to log into the shell. And you can even upload an SSH public key. I probably do that because then I can demonstrate how that's working. Then you just select the template that you've downloaded. In my case, let's let's spin up an Ubuntu uh container. I think that's the best. Then you can create a new storage disk for the root file system inside the container. Give it any size that you want and uh a storage location. You can even decide how many CPU cores the container should consume and how much memory it should use. And of course you can also select the network interface, enable or disable firewall and if you want to use DHCP or a static IP address. And also select the DNS domain. In my case, I just use my local domain. and my main DNS server in my home lab. I think that's fine. And then confirm. This is super super fast. It already completed in 2 seconds or so. By the way, when you go to the settings of the container, you can even do some other cool things like PCI passrough for example. Now, that though works a bit different than in a VM. That's just because the technology is different. And a virtual machine has a separate kernel with its own drivers while a Linux container shares the kernel and the same drivers with a host. So instead of selecting a specific device, you have to enter a device path. So /deaf/xyz. I needed to do that once in my AI video where I needed to pass through the graphics card of my Proxmox host into the uh container so it could be used by the local LLM. So, if you want to have an example for that, then check out my video where I've installed Olama in an alexec. I'll link it to you in the description. But yeah, for this example, we don't need to do that. So, let's start the container and go to the console. So, let's log in with a root user and the password that I've already created. Here we are. By the way, of course, I can also open a shell. I just need to find out the IP address. It has the 18 at the end. Root at the IP address. Yes, my public key should be already uploaded. And here we are. So you can see this is also working. You can update the app packages, install new packages. Don't treat this like a Docker container that always gets recreated when you update it to a new version. Think of it more like a virtual machine. So yeah, that's basically everything you need to know to get started with Linux containers. As I said, it's super simple and you can now do whatever you want with it. Start installing Linux applications. You can even install the Docker engine and run containers on it if you want. Yeah. But I want to share with you a super cool community project that I just recently discovered and that is even making things a lot easier for you. And this is called the Proxbox helper scripts. So this is a collection of over 300 plus scripts that help you to manage your Proxmbox environment including lexc deployment scripts for all sorts of applications and workloads. Yeah, you can find databases in here. Influx DB, Maria DB, Minio, MySQL, Radius, Postgress dashboards and front end. Some typical HomeLab dashboards. Yeah. Or monitoring and analytics things like Czechm K. I've recently done a video about that. Or Graphfana, Greylock, Prometheus. But you also find other stuff in here like media and streaming services. I'm honestly not so into this whole stuff to be honest. But yeah, I'm sure many self-hosting people will like this a lot. I think this collection is absolutely amazing just to demonstrate how easy it is to deploy a simple Alexe using the Proxmox helper scripts. Let me do something simple. For example, go to containers to docker because I told you you can even run docker in an alexe. Let's let's try to do this. So you just select your template or your script that you want to deploy and then there is a oneline command that you just need to copy. So the this one here and then you just need to execute this in your Proxmox shell. Uh by the way make sure to use the shell from the Proxmox web interface. So select your node and go to shell and use this here. Don't connect over SSH. This won't work. And also while the script is running you should not leave the window and go into different menu or so because then the previous session might be lost. By the way, a cool tip that I can give you before executing the helper scripts, just execute the team session because uh if you lose the window, you can always go back to the open session. Let's uh run this script here for example. This will then start a new uh settings window where you can select default settings and so on. And if I would leave this window, no, return back, it opens a new shell. But if you open the T-Mo command and then press CtrlB and press S for session list, you can always revert back to the old one. And we are back. Okay, so let me just run through this. By the way, I'm not using the default settings because this assumes I'm using the VM bridge zero interface, which I'm not uh in my environment. So therefore, I have to customize a few things here and there. It takes a bit longer but um yeah it goes through all the important uh settings. So first of all choose the unprivileged container. Set the root password so that we need to log in over SSH. Set the container ID. So I just going to increase the number here. Set the host name. Uh Alex test 2. I think that's fine. Disk size. Let's give it 8 GB. Let's let's erase it a little. Allocate two CPUs. I think that's okay. two gigs of RAM and now the important part comes I need to select the other bridge and yeah DHCP is also fine so yeah just just go through this I think I don't have to explain all settings well that might be interesting the apt cacher IP so this is another small container that you can run on proxmox and this uh helps you caching apt packages so that you don't have to download apt package updates for all containers instead you're downloading this on one container that shares it with all others. I don't know. That might be for people that live in the past decade where fast internet connections aren't a thing. Or maybe you are located in Germany, you don't have a fast internet, but I'll just leave it blank. Mu size. Of course, we don't want to mess around with that. Don't do that, right? Set up a search domain. Oh, yeah. Okay. So, that might be home.crave.de ns server IP or right. So, I think that's okay. Ah, so yeah, a lot of questions here and there, but yeah, I I chosen the advanced settings, so it probably was my fault, but um here you can see what the script is doing in the background. So now it's setting up everything. It first starts with a basic container template and then starts installing all the other applications and things that are yeah defined in the script depending on what script or application you want to deploy. All right. So, uh, now it asks us if we want to install the Docker compos plug-in, of course, we need that. So, that's important. And if we would like to add the Portainer UI, well, yeah, why not? Let's do that. So, that obviously takes a little more time, but you see this really guides you through all the important processes and yeah, so Docker setup has been successfully initialized. Let's also check if we can open this container over SSH. So um here I'm glad they already showed the IP address. So let's try to open this using the password that we have defined. Oh yeah, there it is. They even customize the login screen a little. So I really like this. I think at some point I might do a separate video on the Proxmox helper scripts because alex scripts are just one type of script they provide. There's a lot more good stuff in here like virtual machine automation scripts or add-ons for Proxmox like the Proxmox backup server. But yeah, I just need a little time for researching this. Of course, let's let's check if we can run a simple hello world containers. Here you can see we already got Docker on this alexe. Super cool. But of course, you could also use other automation tools. Yeah, for example, one thing that I uh want to show you is the Terraform provider for Proxmox. This is called Telmate and you will find it in the Terraform registry. In the past, I've made one or two videos about it um to explain how to automate the creation, managing and provisioning of virtual machines. It also has some functions for managing alexes as well. So, let's go to my project. So, here for example, you can see that that is how I'm managing my production alexe. And we can basically just use this template here to create a new container. So, let's try to do this. I just need to change a few things here. for example is production I of course want to change to test free and here the operating system templates so this of course has to match with the templates that you have downloaded here u if you don't want a static IP just write DHCP in there by the way you will find all the details uh in the documentation on the terraform provider page so it's all well documented in here since it is a community project it might have some issues and bugs here and there So there's still a lot of work to make this really solid but um at least for me it has been working well so far. So now that we have defined our resource template in terraform we can now apply the changes. So first of all I will make a plan first to see what the tool will do when I apply the changes. So here you can see there's one new resource that it want to add. So this is my new alexe test free container. So, let's just apply this. Yes. And now it's creating the new container. Unfortunately, I haven't found a way to set a specific ID. So, it's using the default ID 100. But yeah, so here is our container. Let's see if we can connect to this. Yes. And yeah, so here we are. All right, guys. So that's basically how you use alexes on prox. Of course that raises a question that I also asked myself and that is should I stop using docker and instead use alexes for my application deployments? Not really. I mean I still want to use alexes more often especially for smaller applications or tests or things that need to run independently of my other virtual machines. like I could think about running my DNS server or maybe Home Assistant or the Proxmox backup server in an alexe. The cool thing about alexe is it certainly reduces the overhead of managing multiple systems. Yeah, but of course Docker and virtual machines also have their unique advantages like sometimes you want a stronger isolation by running a completely different operating system for your application then use a virtual machine. Or if you like the simpler application deployment and update procedure that Docker images provide, then use Docker containers. It's always the same. Yeah, it isn't this one and only technology that is perfect for every situation. And maybe I will include alexes and native Linux installation a little more in my future tutorials. But still, I think Docker remains the main technology and platform that I want to use for deploying my applications. Anyway, I still hope this gave you some interesting ideas on Alexis and how to use them on Proxmox. Please let me know in the comments what's your favorite virtualization technology and how you're running applications in a home lab. And as always, thank you so much for watching. A big thanks goes out to all the supporters and members of my channel. You guys are really amazing and I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Passbolt 5 (Self-Hosted Password Manager) got revamped! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPagt720HI4

Hey everyone, it's Christian and today we'll check out the new version of the open-source password manager, Passport. I've already reviewed Passport here some time ago on my channel and I absolutely love its unique features like the extremely secure architecture or that you can completely self-host it for maximum privacy. And what is also really nice about it, you can easily share passwords with other team members in Passport. probably one of these features that stands out the most. Super interesting for enterprise companies and maybe tech support teams. Now, the new version 5.3 of Password was just released and it is packed with some exciting new features such as the encrypted metadata that enhances the security even more and it has many more options to customize your credentials like adding new icons and colors. It now has custom fields and multiple URIs. So, I thought it might be a great chance to review it again. If you're looking for a secure privacy focused password manager that you can easily set up in your home lab or maybe company environment, this might be super interesting for you. So, let's get started. And a big thanks goes out to Passbolt for sponsoring this video. All right, guys. So, first of all, if you want to have a full installation tutorial on the free community edition of Passport, then please check out my first video about it because there I'm teaching you how to simply install this passport manager in your own self-hosted environment using a simple Docker compos deployment. Of course, I've also updated the templates on my boiler plates GitHub repository for it. And if you want to update your existing passport installation to the latest version 5.3 that we are reviewing in this video, then well just change the docker image tag to the latest version. Restart your container and then you will be ready to go. But of course, if you prefer a different installation method, feel free to check out some guides on their official website. There you can learn how to install this on Kubernetes, any Linux distribution, or even use it in the cloud. And of course, you can also upgrade to the business and enterprise plans, which by the way works both on cloud and your self-hosted environments to even further enhance the feature set. But again, in this video, we'll just focus on the free community edition of Passport that I have deployed in my home lab as well. So, let's log into my self-hosted Passport instance to check out the latest features that were added. By the way, I still have to switch to the Chrome browser because the Safari browser extension for Passport is unfortunately not ready yet, but I've already spoken to the team at Passport about this problem. So, it's definitely coming soon. And of course, they might add some other cool features as well, like pass key support is coming later this year along with more content types. So, I'm really excited about this. All right. So once you upgraded your passport instance from an older version 4 to the new version 5, the first thing that I would strongly recommend you to do after upgrading is to go to the organization settings and enable the new features to use the encrypted metadata. And also I think it's a good idea to switch the default meta data types when you're creating new credentials because only this will unlock some of the new features that I'm showing you today and it also increases the security and privacy for all your stored credentials that you migrate to the new encrypted metadata type. And just to give you a little more background on what actually is encrypted metadata and what that means. So in the version 4 of passold all the secrets such as passwords, descriptions or tootps were already protected with a robust end to end encryption but other sensitive metadata like the resource names or the URIs were still accessible by the server where passport is running. And while this may have been sufficient for many use cases, it certainly raised some concerns by people that were seeking a stronger privacy model, especially in cloud environments where the Passport instance is not self-hosted. This was a major issue the team wanted to address. The version five of Passport introduced a new hybrid encryption model that uses clientside decryption. By the way, in this video, we'll not dive into all the technical details. If you're interested, you'll find a great blog post that was created by the Passport team about their new security architecture for encrypted metadata, and it even explains some of the decisions and thinking process behind it. I absolutely love this. Of course, I'll put you a link to this blog post in the description so you can check it out. But I think it's worth saying that this approach by passport is pretty unique because password managers usually don't encrypt everything by default because it's making things like searching or account recovery or even system auditing much harder to do. That's why I'm really honoring the passport's approach to focus even more on the needs of enterprise organizations and professional teams and provide a good balance between security and usability. I think for everybody who is cautious about security and wants a password manager that is super transparent with how it's storing and processing credentials then passport is definitely a nice option. However, if you still want to use the legacy metadata type in passport for whatever reason you can still do this. So when you're activating this new encrypted metadata in passport all the existing credentials are still stored in the legacy format. So that's why I said you first have to migrate them and you can very specifically decide for each credential if you want to update it to the new metadata type or maybe if you just want to migrate all of your existing credentials or only shared credentials. Passport gives you complete control of everything and it is even fully backwards compatible with existing API automations or implementations by using the legacy metadata type. So that's it about the new secure architecture. I think this is really a great improvement just to show you what that looks on my system. So when I'm opening a credential that is still in the legacy format, passport will show a small upgrade button at the bottom. So when you click on that, you immediately see all the new functions and features of the encrypted metadata type that now appear in the menu. For example, the new appearance functions. So this allows you to change the color and the icon of your credentials. And I really like this because now it means you can better differentiate between the different types of credentials in a larger database. Before your only way to separate out things was using folders, which you still can use, but I just like to have a little more options for coloring and icons. And one thing I still would like to see though is the ability to upload custom icons. Yeah. Or maybe that passport automatically downloads the fav icons from the URIs. Uh but yeah, that's it about icons and colors. I also really like that you can now add multiple URIs. So before we only were able to add one URI per credential and this is really great because you often have multiple interfaces and portals for the same credentials. Just think about Microsoft where you have your regular Microsoft account website but also one drive, Azure, Office 365 and whatnot. So adding multiple URIs makes it just easier to use your credentials in these scenarios because you then automatically have autofillin for all these different addresses and portals. They also added a new description field which honestly I'm not really sure why you would need this. So because the legacy metadata type already had a node field but yeah maybe there is a technical reason for it. Uh but yeah, despite all these uh customizations and the security and quality of life improvements, for me personally, the most interesting feature they just added in the version 5.3. So this is really brand new. This is the support for custom fields. And this is absolutely amazing because now we are not just limited to the username, password, and note fields. Now we can add as many key value pairs as we want for each credential. And this is actually solving a big problem for me that I had with passport because I often want to store additional information for my credentials like API keys for example or databased passwords. For example, here you can see I'm storing the credentials for my Cloudflare account. When I want to log into the dashboard, I need username and password. But of course, I've also created many API tokens and secrets that I need for connecting my Terraform automations or for authenticating the DNS challenges when I'm issuing TLS certificates. In the past, I always had to create separate objects for these tokens and use the password fields. So now I have just one credential object and I can add as many custom fields as I want to store this type of information. This is really making things a lot easier for me. So yeah, that's why I absolutely love the latest version 5.3 of Passport. I'm really super excited about this password manager because it really gets better and better with every new update. To be perfect, there are just two more features that I'm desperately waiting for, which I already said in the beginning of this video. I just need the Safari browser extension. So please, Passport team, continue working on it. I need it. And I also want to see the new content types like pass keys or maybe SSH keys because this is something that already many other password managers can do. And I think this will make passport even more interesting for any home lab or tech people like us. But yeah, this just my personal opinion of course uh you might have a totally different view on this. So please tell me what do you think about the latest version of password. Have you ever thought about the security architecture of password managers and how important is self-hosting to you and how they are processing credentials? Let me know in the comments. And as always, thank you so much for watching, guys. A big thanks goes out to all the supporters on my YouTube channel. You guys are so amazing. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Publish a Static Hugo Website the EASY way // Cloudflare Workers ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZMgUSlNp-0

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today I'm finally publishing my new website. Remember the one that we built from simple markdown files using the Hugo static website builder in one of my recent videos. Of course, when it comes to publishing static websites, there are tons of ways how you could do this. You could just upload this to a basic web server, something like EngineX or Apache. But I wanted to go a step further and use the new serverless compute platform made by Cloudflare called Workers. Using this doesn't just make sure my web content gets delivered incredibly fast. It also allows me to automate the entire building and publishing process all integrated directly into a self-hosted GitLab instance. It's absolutely insane. So, I hope I got you interested. Let's see how this all works. Now, before we jump in, I quickly want to show you my absolute favorite tool for remote access that is called Twinate, the sponsor of today's video. Twing is always my first choice when I need to log into my HomeLab servers over SSH or access my administrative tools because it is a secure, fast, and simple solution that just works like magic. It's what we call ZTNA intake, a zero trust network access platform that establishes secure connections between your devices where every connection always have to be verified and authorized. So otherwise, Twing won't let the request go through. And this technology even works through Nut devices and firewalls without any port forwarding or firewall exception required. So you can just securely log into your devices no matter where you are or where you're connecting from. If you would like to try it out, then check out my tutorials on how to install Twinate in your network and how to integrate it into your Docker, Kubernetes, or even DevOps environment by using Terraform. It is super cool and completely free with up to five users and connects to 10 different remote networks. So, start making your network more secure and accessible with Twin. Of course, I'll drop you a link to their website in the description down below. All right, so now let's get started. And first of all, let's take a look at my new website and talk about the building process. So here we got the Git repository that I have created on my self-hosted GitLab instance. By the way, this contains the final source code of my Hugo website that I want to publish. So when you're watching this video right now, my new website should already be online. I mean, unless I'm running into some unforeseen problems doing the recording. But yeah, you know me guys, I'm always kind of optimistic when it comes to deploying to production. So everything uh that I need to host or upload to the Cloudflare's uh infrastructure has to been first built from the source code using the Hugo Steady website builder and everything that I need for that is again in this git repository. So here you can see the basic configuration files for the Blowfish Hugo theme that I've used to design my website. Remember uh in my first video about Hugo, we've gone through all the details. So if you're interested in the first part, then check it out. I'll put it to you in the description. And here you can also see the content of my website or the video tutorials or pages that I want to publish are existing in simple markdown files that the Hugo Study website framework will use to create the final website code from. I've tried to add as much as I can from my recent YouTube videos that I've done in the last few months is so that my new website isn't empty in the beginning. And certainly I'm also thinking about adding more content to it or even automating the content creation process for new videos and pages as well. I haven't really decided how exactly I'm going to do this. Maybe I could integrate this into my project management platform with notion. So, we'll see how that's working. I'll keep you updated about it. And uh by the way, one thing that I have not shown you in the previous video, which I probably should have done, is in the Hugo tutorial, we only used the Hugo server command, which is great for developing on my local device and testing how the final website would look like. But of course, when we want to host the website, we cannot do it this way. We first of all need to build the final HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files and only upload these files to the web server. In our case, the Cloudflare workers infrastructure. We don't need the whole source code there. To build the website with a Hugo static framework, you just simply run the Hugo command without the server flag. It's really super easy. And this will create all the necessary files and put them into the public folder. That's basically all we need to upload somewhere. But of course, as promised, we'll also take a look how to automate this building process in Cloudflare Workers. Because as you know guys, I'm lazy and whenever I change something on my website, I don't want to always rebuild it and upload it. myself. Yeah. So that's why I added this public folder and also resource folder to the git ignore file and not include it in the repository. But yeah, I hope this gives you a good understanding of the project um and how I'm planning to build the website. Now when it comes to hosting the final code, as I said again in the intro, you have many options. And I have decided to use Cloudflare Workers because I'm already using Cloudflare for many of my projects. Yeah, it's my primary public DNS provider. I'm using it for uh the DNS challenge when I'm creating TLS certificates and I'm also doing the one or another project with Cloudflare Zero Trust. If some of you might ask now why I'm using the more complex server architecture Cloudflare workers instead of Cloudflare pages which is pretty well known and you find many tutorials on the internet on Cloudflare pages. Well, the main reason is that uh once I tried to do that, Cloudflare started recommending using workers instead of pages for new projects, which probably implies that they are going to replace pages somewhere in the future. And of course, I didn't want to use a technology that is not recommended by the vendor anymore. And also I really like that Cloudflare Workers has a free plan for personal use and simple applications that includes a bunch of free requests and computing resources. Of course, if you need more, you can still upgrade to the paid plans, but I think for a simple static website like mine, the free plan in Cloudflare Workers should be totally sufficient and a great way to do it. I get global CDN performance, automatic scaling, and the ability to easily customize my site's behavior without managing the actual servers. So we are not spinning up virtual machines or containers or we are not managing any complex infrastructure. Let just Cloudflare handle all that stuff that they are really good at. So this just works and again that is for free. So what would be a better choice? Now let's get started and let's talk about how we actually get my website source code onto Cloudflare Workers. The most streamlined way to do this is through a Git integration. Yeah, Cloudflare workers can automatically build and deploy your web project whenever you push changes to a git repository, which really fits well into my preferred workflow. However, there is a bit of a limitation in cloud for workers because currently there is only a direct integration into GitHub or gitlab.com existing the hoster platforms. That means if you like me running your own self-hosted GitLab instance, you cannot directly connect it to Cloudflare workers. But don't worry, there's a simple workar around. We can use what's called a mirrored repository in GitLab. So in addition to the Git repository on my Salforce, the GitLab platform, I've also created a repository with the same name on the public platform gitlab.com, of course, as a private repository. And then I just need to configure a mirrored repository that pushes any changes from my local git repo to the public git repo. As you can see the public repository on githlab.com is currently empty. So we first of all need to configure the mirroring. Go to settings repository and then there is a section mirroring repositories. Here you can add a new repository where you want to push the changes. By the way the mirror direction currently is grayed out. In the paid versions of GitLab you can also pull any changes from a public one to your local one. But anyways, we just need the push u mirror direction anyways. So I'm totally fine with that. So first of all, we need to input the remote repository URL and that can be done by either using HTTP or SSH or git. So depending on how you want to authenticate. If you want to authenticate uh using a username and password, then use HTTPS. You can also use SSH keys. So that way you just have to switch the authentication method to SSH public key. And then you will need to download the public key that is generated on your local GitLab platform. Upload the public key to gitlab.com and then you should also be able to authenticate. But I'm using username and password here. I think that's a bit easier. So we just grab the URL clone with https and put that in here. And then I'm also going to enable mirror only protected branches. So that makes sure that I'm only pushing changes to the main branch and not for every sub branches. So for example, when I'm creating a new video tutorial, I would create a new branch on my local GitLab instance and when I'm done with all the content changes, then I would merge it into the main branch which then only gets reflected. I don't need all the local branches the where I'm managing the content on the public one. So I really just need the protected main branch to build the website from. All right. So, um that's basically it. And then you should see the settings uh were successfully updated. You can also check the last update attempt and when it was successful. So, currently there is no change to the main branch. So, it doesn't try to upload it. But we can uh force it with an update. Now, then you can test if everything works. And yeah, so here you can see the last update attempt was 10 seconds ago and the last successful update was just now. So when we switch from my local GitLab instance to the public one and refresh the page, you should see all the content. Ah yeah, there it is. So you can see it's basically the same stuff um that is on my local uh GitLab instance now reflected on the public one. So now that we have prepared the git repositories and the synchronization between my self-hosted gitlab instance and the public gitlab.com platform is working, we can start creating all the necessary files for Cloudflare workers to build and publish the website. So first of all, let me log into Cloudflare. By the way, if you're not registered on Cloudflare yet, you can just register for free. Again, Cloudflare workers has a free plan, so just try it out. And then in the main menu of the Cloudflare dashboard, you just go to compute workers. So here we can create a new Cloudflare worker. Let's click on create. And of course, we don't want to start from scratch or use a template. We want to import our existing Git repository. You first of all need to connect your GitHub or GitLab account depending on what platform you want to use and then select your repository that you want to import into Cloudflare Workers. So now that it takes you to the next menu where you can give this a project name. I'm just going to give it the name Christian Lampar website just like the repository. Okay. And underscore is for whatever reason not allowed. So I'm just going to remove it. I think that's fine. So now we can specify um how we want to build and deploy our project. As I said, instead of building the website locally with the Hugo CLI tools on my machine and then pushing the public uh folder with the final website to the Git repository, I'd like to automate this process using a build script in Wrangler. Wrangler is the CLI tool that Cloudflare workers is using for building and deploying. So this way we keep the git repository clean and only maintain the source code of the website while our build script will always execute the Hugo commands to build the final version of the website and publishes it to have a bit more flexibility and control because we also need to download the theme files and so on. I want to create a separate build script and use that in the wrangler command. So the default deploy command will always look for a specific configuration file in the main repository that is called wrangler.toml. This file contains all the essential information about the worker such as names around the bindings and any custom configuration options as well and also what it should execute. So let's first of all create this configuration file in the git repository before we deploy the website. Okay, let's first of all open this website in VS Code and let's start creating the wrangler.l file in here. Wrangler toml. And let's h first start with the name. So I want to use the same name as I've used in the cloud flares platform. So Christian Lamper website. Then we have to set a compatibility date. So that should usually be the date of today. And then we want to customize the build section. So the build section here we can invoke a specific command. And that command here should just run a simple shell script that I just want to call build.sh. And then I also want to specify the assets here. Of course you should only publish the final code of the website which will when you executed the Hugo command again will be located in the public folder in the main repository. And uh you can also specify a not found handling. So when uh somebody opens a website or location that is not existing, he will get back a 404 page from Cloudflare Workers. Now we can start creating the build script. And I found a template that I just want to copy and paste here. Uh don't worry, we'll go through everything here so you better understand what's happening here. So, first of all, um I want to specify the Hugo version that I've used to test my website locally with. So, uh when I do automated updates, maybe with Renovate or so, I might need to adjust this a little, but um I will figure it out later. For now, it's fine to use a specific version to make sure my website looks exactly the way how I've tested it on my local machine. I will also export um the time zone that I'm using. And uh then the next commands are necessary to install the Hugo CLI tools into um the Cloudflare's worker uh building machine. So whenever there's a new building process happening, uh Wrangler will automatically start a new temporary container or I don't really know how Cloudflare is doing that internally, but I suppose they just start a containerized project uh using the Wrangler CLI tools that would just go through the build script execution. And of course, it doesn't by default have the Hugo tools installed. That's why we need to download it from the Git repository first using the specific version that we've defined above. Then it's using a tarball archive that we first of all need to extract and then we copy everything that was extracted onto the built home directory. So this is the temporary file system in the um Cloudflare's worker building process that we want to use. Uh we of course then uh delete the license, the readme file and the tabul image. We don't need that anymore. Verify the installation. So you need these three tools to build the Hugo website. You need go, you need Hugo and NodeJS. So we make sure these tools are all existing. The next step is to clone the blobfish theme. And uh the way I'm doing this is by using git subm module. Um I can show you how this looks when we go back to the local git repository and go to the code. Uh when we go into the themes directory, you can see this is not really existing locally. This is just a reference to the blowfish uh repository on GitHub. So what we're doing with these commands here is we're basically cloning the blowfish theme from the address that is specified here to the themes directory and then we start building the website. I probably also have to explain these two flex here. So the GC parameter is the garbage collection. So this is necessary to remove all files that are no longer needed. This helps to keep the build directory clean and prevents any old or unnecessary files to be included. And the minify flags are there to enable a minification of the site's assets. So like the CSS, JavaScript and HTML files, the minification compresses them a little, reducing the size of the files and potentially improving the page load time as well. So that's why I would recommend doing this. So then this is everything we are defining in a main function. Of course, we are also need to execute this function. That's what's happening in this command here. So just execute main. First of all, we are also setting a strict error handling environment. So this command seems to be best practice because it prevents silent failures and makes the script more reliable and maintainable. So that makes sure that we see all the errors that might be happening in the main function. All right, so that's basically everything that we need. Uh we need the rank autotoml file that u defines our assets folder and the basic configuration and also makes sure that we are running the build.sh SH script before publishing the website that again will go through all these functions here installing the Hugo CLI tools verifying everything downloading the theme and then building the final website that should be located in the public folder and that's what we then publish to Cloudflare workers by defining the assets directory. All right, so that's everything that we need. Um, of course we need to push this to the public git repository. Um, of course this is just my local git repository, but because we have configured the mirror repository, all the changes whenever I push them should be reflected to the public one as well. So let's test how this works. Wrangler config and build script. Let's commit this. So now we got everything prepared. Let's click on continue and deploy and see what's happening. So this might just take a few seconds until it redirects us. So here you can see the status of the building and deploying process and how long it's taking to initialize the environment. Then it's cloning the git repository, installing all the necessary tools. And then finally once that is all complete, run the deployment script. Here you can see I ran into an error. Permission denied. Oh, I forgot to do one thing because the build script is missing the execution permissions. So we need to fix this on my local machine. Of course, add the changes and push it. So then the Wrangler build script in cloud flare workers should have the correct permissions to execute this script. Let's click on retry build. So you can see when everything goes wrong. Uh just check the lock files, fix the error and retry it. All right. So now this build process was successful. When you go through the locks, you could see all the steps that we have defined in the build.sh. SH script installing the Hugo tools verifying installations cloning the blowfish theme building the website and so on. So that is the output that you should see uh from the Hugo static website builder framework and then the Wrangler CLI tools are publishing everything correctly to the cloud workers infrastructure. By the way, here in the main dashboard you can also drill into all the details like requests, input errors, compute resource utilization. I really like this integrated monitoring dashboard. And of course, you can also go into the deployment tabs. And here you can see the active deployment and a version history. So this means whenever something goes wrong during the build process or you're deploying some changes that do not work like you expected it, you can always revert back to an older version. And in the settings menu, you can adjust the configuration. So here you can see the domains and routes that by the way we also need to change in a second. H and when we click on this view the worker button on the top right corner this takes us to the final website. I think it looks absolutely fantastic. It's super snappy and fast when you go to any of the pages that I've created. There's just one more thing that I want to do because as you can see here this of course is not the final domain that I want to use. This is hosted on randomly generated subdomain of the Clawflar's worker domain. Of course, I want to use my real domain, Christian Lampard. Instead, so let's go back to the settings menu where we can make adjustments to the domains and routes. And here we can add a custom domain. Ideally something that you're managing in Cloudflare as well because then Cloudflare can automatically add a DNS record and provision a new TLS certificate to enable HTTPS for your website. Of course, when you add your custom domain, it might take a few hours until this is uh published on all the DNS servers on the internet. But once that is complete, you should be able to open the website using your real custom domain. Okay, perfect. So I think I got everything in place. Yeah, I just want to show you one thing that might be pretty cool and that is how I update this website. So, how can I make any changes? Because technically, we just need to create a new pull request on my local Git repository on the self-hosted instance that automatically should be mirrored to the public one. And that again should trigger a new build command in the Cloudflare workers to update the content. Let's see if everything works. I'm really excited about this. So, let's uh return to VS Code. So, for example, let's create a new video that I need to update anyway. So this is uh this is the graphana alloy tutorial. I think I haven't added this to the website. I want to create the index.md. Again, I've explained this in the first Hugo tutorial. It's super uh simple. Of course, I need to fill in the title of the video, adjust the tags, and in here, I need to add the link to my YouTube video. Unfortunately, it's still not published when I'm recording this video, so I cannot really add the final video ID here. I will just leave the placeholder in for now. But the description I can copy from my notion uh project management. All right. So that's everything we need. Then I just need to add the thumbnail. So this is just a simple JPEG image that that I will put into this folder here. So that's it. All right. And yeah, so that's basically it. I can test how this will look like on my local device when I just execute the Hugo server command. So that's what I always would do first before I push the changes into a new branch. There is a new video. I later need to adjust the date and so on. But I think for now it's totally fine. I would create a new branch called video graphana alloy. Commit this in a new branch. And then on my selfhost the gitlab instance I have that new branch here pushed I can create a merge request and in that merge request I can still make some adjustments test everything. So this is now merging all the changes into the main branch and because they should be mirrored to the public repository. So here we should see a new build process. Ah there we can see it's it's already in progress. Let's click on view build and then all the changes should also be updated on my final website. Let's wait a little and then test if that's working as well. All right. So, yep, that's complete now. So, let's refresh this page. And there it is. There is the change. All right. So that's basically everything you need to know to deploy a static website that was created by the Hugo static website framework or maybe some other tools to the Cloudflare serverless platform workers. When you're finished watching this video, you should find all the details and the links on my new website Christian.te. So definitely check it out. I'll put your link in the description. So then you can see my live architecture that we just deployed together. To be honest, I'm really proud of this and I will definitely look further into content automation. I think that's the next topic we'll definitely cover in the future. Just give me a little more time to get my head around it. But in the meanwhile, if you are up for more tutorials for IT pros and tech nerds, then it would be great if you consider supporting me on Patreon or becoming a member of my YouTube channel. This is really so helpful. And as always, thank you guys so much for watching. Of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== DevOps Engineer NEED to Use This! // Warp ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6QZ1v_J4lI

Hey guys, this is Christian and today I'm going to show you some of the new AI features in my absolute favorite deaf tool, Warp, which just transformed from a terminal application to a full agentic development environment. I've been playing around with this recently, and I was honestly really impressed by how useful it is to automate the deployment workflows for my container projects, troubleshoot issues on my servers, and even for software development. This is absolutely crazy. For example, some of you might know that in one of the last videos, I've created my own small containerized Python script that displays information about my Raspberry Pi's Kubernetes cluster on a small LCD screen. And I've used Warp and AI to enhance this script. It completely coded a brand new function for it and built the new container images fully autonomously without me having to write even a single line of code. It is absolutely mindblowing and I believe this is a great demonstration of the practical use cases of AI for software development and IT in general. So if you're up for some cool examples and projects, let's get started. And thanks Warp for sponsoring this video. All right, so now let's get started. And if you want to get access to all the new and exciting features in Warp, you just need to download the latest version of it. Everything is built right into this application which originally started as a terminal app but now transformed into a full agentic development environment and what that means we will shortly cover in a few minutes. I just want to say that warp is available for free on all platforms including Mac OS, Linux and also Windows. So now everybody can just use it. And uh by the way the team also listened to our community feedback and got rid of this weird login requirement. So now you can use warp without having to sign in with an account and that even is working for AI requests which include many industryleading LLMs such as Claude, GBD, Gemini or DeepSeek. The only thing that it doesn't support yet at the time of recording this video is local LLMs. However, I've already discussed this topic with the CEO of Warp and he said to me that they definitely working on implementing this in the near future. Warp also recently got a complete refresh of their AI integration. So now you have a separate block in Warp where you can track conversations, use voice input or even attach images. And there you can also now select your desired AI model to develop code, answer questions or run tasks and that even fully autonomously. You probably hear I'm very excited about it, but I also know that some of you might have concerns about using AI for these type of tasks. And honestly, at first, I was also a bit skeptical if letting an AI execute commands and develop code fully autonomously in a production environment is actually a good idea. But Warp proved me wrong. It does a pretty good job with its command execution rules and permission settings. So you can very specifically decide and configure what the AI is allowed to do on your system and what not. And the more I use it in my day-to-day workflow, the more I build confidence in it. Because when you think about it, in the past, a terminal has always been the primary interface for humans to tell computers what they should do by using commands or scripts. But now warp completely transformed the way how you can interact with your computer and that opens up many exciting possibilities like you can still type in specific commands and instructions like in any other terminal that you've used before but you can also start describing in natural language what you want the system to execute and warp will automatically recognize to treat it as a prompt for an AI instruction and build commands answer questions maybe about specific outputs in your command line. And especially in software development, this is super interesting because tools like warp, but also cloud code or open AAI's codeci, they demonstrate how modern development can be done without relying on IDE like cursor or windsurf for example. But even if you're not a software developer like me, I can also tell you it is super practical for server administration or troubleshooting. And I'm sure this is just the beginning. Yeah, these tools are improving and changing so fast that it's I think now the right time to try it out and familiarize yourself with AI technology. But yeah, that's just my personal opinion. Let's jump right into some real world examples that I have discovered so you can get a better understanding how this technology works and how you might use it for your own workflows. Let's start simple. When I type in what docker containers are running on my system, you can see that warp automatically executes the docker ps command in the background and after receiving the output from the command line, it can even interpret the result and present it to me in a natural response providing more details about the output. In my case, it's providing a complete list of all the containers running on my system along with their port numbers, their runtime, and even the project relation. Of course, this is just a super simple command that I probably could have could have just typed in myself. Yeah. So, no need to use AI here, but I promise we'll shortly cover some more complicated examples. And the cool thing is that whenever you are using AI in warp within the same conversation, it is always aware of all the context from previous instructions. So when I now type in stop the monitoring containers for example, it remembers what containers were running on my system and it knew the project relations. So it can immediately perform the desired actions on my system and whenever it hits a point where it does need additional information. It can also automatically collect it by executing commands to do that or ask you to provide more details which is in my opinion a clever approach. By the way, the fact that warp executes the docker command without any confirmation from my side. This is not the default behavior. In the AI settings of warp, you can very specifically define what the AI is allowed to execute and what not. So, all the allowed commands in the allow list are just executed by the AI without any confirmation from your side. But other commands not in this list might need manual confirmation. Usually, these include actions that would change or restart services on your system. And the deny list, of course, will prevent any bad things from happening, such as the notorious rm-rf asterisk command on Linux. And additionally, the system also tries to filter out other harmful or dangerous actions like if you ask it to destroy any files on your system, it usually doesn't do that. And it also recently got a few new permission settings to even better control what specifically the AI is allowed to do and access and what not. I personally think the default settings in Warp are already pretty good, so you can just use it out of the box. But if you'd like to customize this list, you can add or remove any commands and even use regular expressions. For instance, that's why I added the docker command to my allow list and added the docker rm command to the dy list because I often use docker commands as you probably should know when you're watching my videos. And from my experience, it has always been working great when I just let the AI execute these type of tasks without asking me all the time. However, if you're just starting to try out this technology, I still would not recommend that you just blindly run everything that the AI suggests. Yeah, you should still be aware of what it's actually doing and think about it at least a second or two before you hit the execute button. But I think this is really great in these type of situations where you know there is this particular command somehow existing but you cannot really remember the correct flags or the syntax or you're trying to build a more complex oneline command or a regular expression. Yeah, if you try to do that manually once that can become really complicated and especially in these type of scenarios using AI to do that is just super practical and saves a lot of time. I just say give it a go, test it, maybe not directly on your production system in the first place, but on a separate testing machine because another great thing about Warp is that it also fully works over SSH. So, when I'm working on one of my remote testing servers, like this machine here, I can also fully utilize all the cool AI features without the fear of breaking anything important. By the way, let me also demonstrate how clever Warp is when describing more complex tasks. For example, here's a prompt that should deploy a new EngineX Docker container from my famous boiler plates repository on GitHub. This is, by the way, a place where I store all my deployments, templates, and configs. you you can definitely check it out and find the link in the description. I thought it would be just a good example to demonstrate how AI can fully autonomously deploy an application using these templates on one of my testing servers and I don't have to manually download and copy all the necessary files, create the directories and configure specific uh labels in the compost file for traffic and these type of things. You can ask warp to do that completely for you. And because this is a more complex task that we're describing here, it requires a bunch of different steps that the AI needs to do here. You can also enable a setting in Warp AI to make a plan first using its reasoning models before it's actually executing the different steps. And reasoning models are great in these scenarios because they can simulate a form of thinking process. So they don't just immediately produce an output or a command. They first think about a solution path. Then they collect all the necessary information they need to accomplish it and then decide how it gets there completely on its own, which is great for prompts like this where many different steps and instructions need to be processed. By the way, when an AI agent is running in Warp, you're going to also allow it to execute all the actions fully autonomous, which means Warp runs all the necessary steps completely on its own and it's not asking you again for any confirmation. But you can really decide if you're comfortable with running everything fully autonomously or maybe stop at some points and ask for confirmation. I think it depends really on the use case. By the way, if you're running these agents in the background, you also got a new button at the top right corner where you can see all the actions that are running in the background. And of course, you can still cancel all the tasks at any time. Honestly, every time I'm watching these agents, it's so exciting and funny, but also sometimes a bit scary to see how it behaves and how it does all the actions in the background. It really feels like watching a human administrator over a remote session who is just working on a new Docker Compost deployment. And of course, I've also tried out this for many other tasks and things I've played around with in my home lab. Sometimes it has a few problems or it gets stuck somewhere. So when that happens, you just need to jump in and redefine the task instructions or try out a different prompt. But I also found out that for many situations when it runs into an error, it also automatically tries to troubleshoot the root cause and find ways to fix it on its own. Overall, it is really impressive how good it works. However, one tip that I'd like to give you when it comes to autonomously executing these agents is that you should provide as much context as you can because the more context the AI has, the smarter it is and the more accurate it can produce the output or the result that you want. Do this by either providing a good description in the prompt or by attaching code blocks as context. This is, by the way, another super cool feature, especially when you have to troubleshoot issues. Here, for example, you can see that on one of my remote servers, something doesn't quite work well. For whatever reason, the systemd service is degraded. And instead of troubleshooting this completely by myself, I thought, let's just ask warp to do this for me. And I just attached the last block as context so it can see the output from my last command and the response to find out the reason why this is failing. I've already tested it in many other scenarios by attaching error locks from the Kubernetes tools as context or when I had problems in a Docker container for example. And it was almost always really helpful. Even if Warp doesn't always come up with the right solution immediately, at least you can ask it to give you a hint for things you might have to check to narrow down the problem. It is, in my opinion, always much better than just googling it yourself. And another great tip I have for you when it comes to context, if you want warp to recognize very specific tools, workflows or processes that are just relevant for your specific use case or environment, but they always repeat. Then you can also use knowledge rules. For example, I'm using one tool on Mac OS where I manage my dot files with that is called Yedm. And this uses actually git under the hood uh to pull and push my most important user config files from and to a git repository. But of course, warp by default doesn't really know that I'm using the tool ym on my system. So when I'm asking it to do anything with my dot files, it usually tries to execute git commands. But you can teach warp to use ym when it comes to managing dot files. And that you can do in the knowledge rules. Just give it a basic description. something like whenever you have to manage files on the local device then use the tool yd which also works similar to git so then warp also knows how this tool works under the hood and now when I'm enabling these knowledge rules whenever I'm asking a question about for example what was the last change in my dot files repository then warp is always aware of this knowledge and automatically uses the right tool to give me the correct output and you can of course extend this to so many other things. For example, if you're using specific file names that differ from how you would usually do it, just define it in a knowledge rule. So, these two tips already should help you to customize your environment and make warp more effective in AI prompts so that you don't always have to explain the same things to the AI. It's also saving a lot of time. But the most extremely powerful feature when it comes to AI context is using MCP servers. For those of you who don't know what MCP servers are, this stands for model context protocol. And this is a standardized way to add context from third-party sources to your AI models. For example, you could connect it to your company's documentation server or knowledgebased system to help Warp better understand your specific environment and tools. or connect it to an external API to fetch data that could be relevant for your workflows. To give you a very specific example, I have connected Warp to my Notion workspace using the Notion MCP server. And if you've watched my last video about the technical documentation that I'm storing in notion, you probably should know that this is exactly the place where I document and manage all of my HomeLab projects, the tasks and the infrastructure. This literally adds superpowers to warp because it then knows everything that I have documented in notion about my infrastructure. So when I start describing a task where for example I say test the connectivity to all of my testing servers in my home lab using the context from the notion MCP server. Then warp can automatically figure out on its own where this is documented and it then knows everything that I've written down. It knows the IP addresses. It knows the DNS names. It knows the applications and the deployments. I don't have to provide all this information in the prompt or it doesn't need to collect it by using commands. This is really so amazing and it saves you again so much time. By the way, another tip that I can give you when you're playing around a lot with warp and you often have repeating prompts or tasks just like in my first example with a new application deployment of a docker compost template, you can store these type of prompts with variable placeholders in warp drive. What drive is also one of my most favorite features. So here you can create markdown based notebooks, workflows, environment variables, and now also store AI prompts and you can even easily share it with your entire team or reuse them later. Okay guys, so I know this was already a lot, but I really wanted to show you some cool and interesting use cases for CIS admins, DevOps engineers, or maybe home lab enthusiasts. However, the most impressive feature that I just recently discovered and why Warp now calls itself a fully agentic development environment is the codebased context. Because Warp aims to revolutionize the way how we write code and develop software. I think most people are somewhat familiar with ideides like VS Code or some of these new AI powered idees like cursor or windsurf. But a warp is going a different direction. It's working heavily on these new AI features for developing code, but right into your CLI without having to use an IDE at all. For example, if you enable the code context checkbox in Warp, it automatically knows when you're working in a Git repository and then it can index all of the project files to easily develop new functions or change things in the code. By the way, in the documentation of Warp, it is also described how this function actually works without storing the index of your codebase context on their servers. So, it is also great for private projects. Let me show you a quick example with my Python project that I told you about in the beginning of this video. This is really an actual project that I were using on my home Raspberry Pi Kubernetes cluster. I know one day I want to replace this cluster but um I thought this would be a great example and certainly you can use or apply this technique to any other software project that you're working on. Uh so this uh small script for example that I have opened here is running in a docker container by using docker compose and this can display information about a Raspberry Pi system on a small LCD screen. So my script uses a bunch of well-known thirdparty libraries, but also classes and functions that I've written myself. So an AI model usually would not know how my custom script is working. And it first has to index and understand all the Python files and functions that I've created. For instance, this function here displays the current CPU utilization on the LCD screen when the script is running. And I thought it would be nice to not only show a percentage value like it is doing now, but also the CPU load on the LCD screen. So I just tried to ask Warp if it could help me to write a new function module for that specific task and move the memory utilization into a separate module. So it had to change one file and it even had to create a new file with a new function in the same structure how I've written the script. And here you can see it first comes up with a plan using the reasoning model because I've enabled that in the settings and then I just executed it in the autonomous mode to see what happens and how it's doing its magic. And I don't want to go through all of the individual steps but I will show you some highlights here. So here you can see that it was gathering all the necessary information about the project on its own then adding new lines to the code functions and files and created this new memory module file. What is also super cool it even started to change my documentation files. So the readme files that I have created for this project and it was even updating the configuration examples in there so that it automatically changed the examples to use the new functions that it has written and I was really surprised how well this worked without relying on any interaction from my side. So I just gave it the task and it came up with a solution in just a few minutes. So sometimes, as I said, when it runs into an error, you might need to refine a task or jump in, give it more context. But in this example, it just worked perfectly. Yeah, I also continued working on this project because I was so excited and I thought, let it just do all the other steps like building a new Docker container from that updated script and then publish the changes on the GitHub repository. And as you can see, this also worked great. I think part of the reason why this worked so well in this example was it was really easy for warp to know how the program works and how it should create the container because I had created the docker files before and so on. And what also certainly helps is if you're writing code in general, it is always good to use meaningful variable names and function names or even add comments to your code. So all this information the AI can use to provide more accurate and better results. So honestly guys, I don't know what to say about this. I'm really speechless. Yeah, I didn't expect that this is so good. Just imagine you could do this for even larger projects. I haven't really tested this because as I said, I'm not a professional software developer. I don't have so many software projects that I'm doing. But yeah, I think it's up to you how you use it and uh how you think about it. I hope I got you at least interested in Warp and that you just want to try it out yourself. Again, it is completely free. You got a bunch of free tokens in Warp and it doesn't even require any login. So, just check it out. And as always, thank you so much for watching. A big thanks goes out to all of the supporters on my YouTube channel. You guys are just amazing. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Grafana Alloy, NEW log + metric collector replaces everything! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E654LPrkCjo

Hey everyone, this is Christian and today I'm going to show you the new Swiss Army knife for locks and matrix monitoring, Graphana alloy. If you have been following my home lab videos, you know that I already made many tutorials about Graphana, Prometheus and Loki. But in these tutorials, we've always used different tools and configs to transfer locks and metrics between all these systems. Depending on what you want to monitor or Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, databases or services, it could get quite complex and very fractured. But now with Graphfana Alloy, we are simplifying and centralizing the entire telemetry collection and processing for all of these systems. Originally, I just wanted to use Graphfana alloy to replace Promptale as this got deprecated a few months ago by Grafana, but then I found out that Alloy doesn't just replace Promptale. It can replace many others of these tools like the Loki Stalker plug-in or cat visor. With Alloy, you don't need them anymore. And it can even do so many other cool things like filtering and changing telemetry before it's sent to Loki or Prometheus. It's really an amazing tool with many features, but I'll be honest with you guys, the configuration of alloy. It wasn't exactly intuitive at first, and there's quite a learning curve in alloy. So, that's why I thought it is time for a good deep dive tutorial about this amazing tool. So, in this video, I'll show you exactly what Alloy is, what makes it so special, and how I'm actually using it in my setup to centralize all the locks and matrix collection. Before we dive in, let me quickly show you another amazing tool that I use in my home lab for centralizing my IT automation called Castra. Because Kestra is a powerful and simplified workflow orchestrator that helps you automating all your tools and APIs in one central platform. For example, I'm using it to schedule several HomeLab automation flows like my Python scripts or Enible and Terraform tasks. And I'm also planning to use it for my new website CI/CD process. But of course, you can build whatever you want with Castro. Its declarative language allows you to create powerful workflows by using triggers, loops, and logical operations. And it supports over 600 plugins allowing you to build automated workflows with unlimited possibilities. Castra also has a great web UI with a real-time monitoring dashboard where you can drill into all the execution metrics, debug locks, timebased diagrams, and so many more things. And the best is Castra has an open source version that you can just easily deploy using Docker, Kubernetes, or other tools in your home lab completely for free. I've already made some video tutorials about Castra, and I'm certainly planning to do more. So definitely check them out for a full deep dive. And if you're ready to use Castra in your company environment, then reach out to the team about the enterprise version. They really have a good support. Of course, I'll put you the links to Castra and my video tutorials about it in the description of this video. All right guys, so now let's get started with alloy. This is the new tool that was introduced by Graphana and it combines the strengths of leading telemetry collectors which in our case basically means locks and metrics. And if you take a look at the official documentation about alloy, you can see this overview diagram. On the left side, you have your applications and infrastructure such as Linux, containers, scripts, and so on. And on the right side, you have your databases and collectors like Prometheus, Loki, and some others. By the way, if you haven't watched the previous tutorials about Prometheus, Graphana, and Loki, you probably should check them out. Otherwise, it might be hard to follow this one. So I'll put them all in a list in the description box of this video. Certainly also check out my boiler plates repository on GitHub. So there you will find all the templates and the configuration examples and you don't have to write down everything while watching this video. One thing that is really important to understand the heart and core of alloys configuration are the so-called components. Components are the building blocks of Alloy and Alloy supports over 120 different components to collect telemetry data from several applications, databases, and open telemetry collectors. And it even supports custom components for maximum extensibility. Each component in alloy has a name that describes its responsibilities. For example, here we have the local file match that basically discovers files on the local file system. And every component also has a userdefined label so that you can easily reuse your defined components in other pipelines and train them together. To deploy Graphana alloy in your environment, you have a bunch of different options like you could use a simple Docker container. You could deploy this on Kubernetes or on Linux, Mac OS, Windows and also use other platforms and automation tools. Now, with this simple command, you can easily start up a Linux Docker container. However, I'd like to start with my Docker Compose template for deploying Graphfana alloy in my home lab because I needed to make a few adjustments to this simple command. So again, you will find this template as all the other templates and also the config examples on this GitHub repository. Definitely check that out. And to get started, I will just copy this and go to one of my testing servers. And let's create a new project directory for alloy and open this in VS Code. So here I want to create a new compos.yamel file where we can paste in this template. And let me quickly go through some of the options so you know why I've created them and what is necessary for you to adjust depending on your environment. So first of all I just want to deploy one alloy container with this version and then I also want to set the host name variable. So this is a function in docker compose that will pass through a specific host name to the docker container. Otherwise uh graphana alloy because it's running in a simple docker container. It will just use the randomly generated container ID instead of the real host name. Unfortunately it doesn't work to use environment variables here for whatever reason. So in my case I needed to specify the host name manually. Then we need to start the alloy application with these command parameters. So here we make sure that it's listening uh for incoming network connections because alloy also has a small web interface where you later can see some debugging and information about the telemetry that it's collecting. So this might be pretty useful sometimes. And of course we also set a storage path. So this is necessary because when alloy cannot connect through Prometheus or Loki for whatever reason, it can buffer the telemetry and retry the connection to send it again when the database services are online. So therefore it's useful to have a storage and also we want to start this with a specific configuration file. We just need to create it in the same directory that is called config.alloy and here we will later put in all of our configurations. So then we also have a persistent volume for the data storage and I'm also passing through a bunch of uh mount points from the host operating system to this graphana alloy container. This is again necessary to collect locks and metrics from the host operating system and send them to Prometheus Aloki. I also connect this to my traffic instance so we can easily protect this web interface with HTTPS and maybe you might also want to add some basic authentication or an authentic middleware whatever you want to do with it. We will not focus on this stuff for that video but I just leave it in it's not going to hurt. All right so this is the setup. Now let's start having a look at the configuration of Grafana alloy because by default it's not doing anything. You need to specifically define these components that I've talked about earlier to decide what it should collect, how it should process it and where does it send it to. Now I first of all want to start with a very very simple use case and this is by just simply replacing Promptale because if you remember from my Loki tutorial, Promptale is there to collect logs from the local operating system and send it to Graphana Loki. So if we go back to my testing server for this video, I've already created a promptail container with a simple configuration example here. Again, this is not a very sophisticated configuration, but I'm happy that I didn't went too complex with prompt back in these days because it was deprecated anyway. But just imagine you have prompt in your environment deployed and you simply want to migrate this to graphana alloy. This is super simple because here in this documentation you can see you can easily convert an existing prompt configuration to a graphana alloy configuration. So again this is the configuration for promptail and then let's run the convert command. The source format is prompt. The output will be alloy.config and config.yml is our existing file. All right let's run this. And then you can see this is the configuration file that the alloy conversion tool has created. So let's just copy this and put it into this configuration file so we can start using this. And um this migrated config again I said isn't actually good one but it serves as a very basic example to explain some of the important elements of an alloy configuration. So you get a better understanding of how this is structured and what you need to change in order to make customizations to it. So we will first of all start with the Loki.right component. So this is basically a component with our custom label default to write all the received telemetry or the received locks to a specific endpoint. I've already created a new monitoring stack on this testing server. So here you can see this is currently running a Graphana, Prometheus and Loki stack just for testing purposes. So let's return to the alloy configuration and replace the URL with the protocol HTTP because it's currently inside the Docker network not encrypted. The container name is Loki and the port is 3,100. And we can address this specific component with our custom uh default name in the Loki source file system. So here you can see this is a connecting component that connects the local file match system. So here that is the target and it's forwarding to the Loki right default receiver. The main reason why it's using this complicated way with the components is that you don't have to define that component every time. You can just refer to this address and all the parameters and the configs are existing in that one object. It will later probably make a lot more sense when you see the graph in the alloy web interface. Let me just continue configuring this because one thing that I want to change here currently it's sending all the locks with the lock ending to that specific job. So for example, if you want to add another path target, it would look something like this here. And uh then you can just copy this and for example match different file. You could also customize labels later and so on. And here for example, we just want to use the off.lo. So now this is a very basic configuration. But assume we want to make any changes or modifications to the telemetry or to the LO files that are collected from these files on a local disk. We can use other components. For example, if we go to the um alloys documentation, you can see in the reference a complete list of all the different components. So for example, if we go to low key releabel component, you can see this is a component that rewrites the label set um of each lock entry. This way you can modify with rules, regular expressions, replacements. You can change certain things that are collected to really customize what exactly do you want to process and what you want to send to the receiving system. So that is really really powerful. For example, if I want to collect the host operating system and add them to the telemetry that I'm sending to Loki. So, we will just use this here Loki re label. Then we give it a custom name. For example, let's just call this system. And um everything that this component is receiving will be sent to the Loki write component. So we basically just copy the target address from the source file system, put it in here. And what we now need to do is we need to address our re label component here. So that it first goes to the source file, then it goes to the re label and then it goes to the right component. So the way how you do this also pretty simple. You just address it by the uh component name re label and then the custom name that what you put in here receiver. Here you can see this is the input receiver where lock lines are sent to uh that should be relabeled. Okay. So that's the way how you do this. Of course you need to define a reabeling rule here for for example if we want to create a new label uh called operating system and that we want to replace with OS. You will also find here in the reference when you go to standard library constants and here for example uh there are some variables that you could use for example host name this will always contain the host name of the machine where alloy is running on OS is the operating system where alloy is running on architecture version should be also self-explanable right and if we just run this on the system I I think we should give it a try now because we've configured a few different things I'm just realizing this will be a super long video. But anyways, I hope you still enjoy it and let's see how this is working. Okay, I made a mistake somewhere in the configuration file. So definitely don't start this in the background at first because you see any errors in here. Missing comma in the expression list. I forgot to add a comma here. For whatever reason, it needs a comma at this point. All right, so no graphana alloy is up and running and it's doing its thing. To check if this is really working, we can open a new connection to the test server with a port 1 2 3 4 5. Again, this is the small web interface of Graphana alloy. So here you can see this is a very simple web interface. I'm sorry for the light mode, but it doesn't have a native dark mode. Here you can see the health of all the components that we have defined. You can also view all the details about it and what's the current configuration. And what is pretty cool when you go to graph this will visualize the chain of the component. So where the information is coming from and where it's finally sent to. You can see that it's going through the reabel system and then it's written to the Loki's database. Let's also open my graphana interface on this testing server. So when we go to drill down locks, you should see the server test one system job that we have configured. If we go to show locks, you can see these are the lock entries that alloy is collecting from the lock files of the host operating system. And if we go to labels, you should also see that our operating system label is now generated by the releabel component of alloy. It's reporting the Linux as the operating system. But also here in the file name, you can see the two file names var lock off and var lock dssage. So you could also filter it based on that file name. And this is how you can simply send locks to Loki with Grafana alloy. If you just were interested in that, you can stop the video right now and call it a day. Yeah. However, I would still recommend you to keep watching because we're now coming to the most interesting part in my opinion. And because as I've told you in the beginning, alloy isn't just great to replace prompt tail and send simple lock files. It can replace a variety of different things. For example, in addition to the lock collection from the host system files, it can also collect metrics and aggregate them in a Prometheus database. This is very similar type of uh database like Loki but just for metrics instead of logs. And Graphana has by the way created a super practical and helpful GitHub repository that can serve as a template for so many different use cases. So this is also the way how I personally got a much better understanding of graphana alloy. For example, if you go to monitor matrix and logs here you have some great examples. Go to monitor Linux and here you will find a link to a GitHub repository alloy scenarios. So if we take a look at this here, you will find configuration examples for several use cases such as uh Linux operating systems, docker monitoring, uh locks for TCP files, uh mail systems, syslo, windows. So this is really nice and let us first start by taking a look at the Linux example configuration file. So here again the docker compose and loi config you don't need to take care about but the config.alloy this is the part that really interests us. So as you can see this is quite a complicated example but let us go through this and I will show you how this basically works. So this is combining two things here. It's combining locks plus metrics. So it's it's doing both in the same config. But first of all let us go through collecting metrics. What we need um for collecting metrics is again um a Prometheus database. So let us just uh stop the container and um let's modify this a bit. I will need to make some comments in here because otherwise I'm getting confused with a long config. And let's call this uh prompt tail example. Yeah, I think that's that's uh fine. And what I also want to do is I want to add a section for targets. So I want to take the Loki right component, take it out from that and put it here under the targets. And uh in addition to the loi right default, we also should have a Prometheus of right component. So you can also find it here um Prometheus remote write. So that is another target. I will rename this from local to default to just have the same name consistency. I don't need this comment. And um I think the URL should be correct because uh my Prometheus container should also have the name Prometheus. Oh yeah, it's in here. One thing that is really important if you want to send a matrix to Prometheus by default. This is not working because usually if you know from my Prometheus tutorials, Prometheus in general would usually scrape the matrix. So it would pull the matrix from sources. No, with graphana alloy we are using it the other way around. We are not pulling metrics with Prometheus. We are sending metrics. So pushing them from alloy to Prometheus. And by default Prometheus does not allow this. Uh therefore I needed to change my Prometheus monitoring stack configuration and add in a new uh flag to the command. Um that is this year web.enable remote write receiver. All right. So that's what you need. Restart the Prometheus container and then you can configure it as a target in alloy. And the next uh thing that I want to do is of course we just defined the target component. Now we need to build that the component chain for collecting the matrix. So here is the Loki stuff. I think all the other important stuff for matrix is above here. I will just copy all of that stuff and then let's go through this together. In Prometheus, you would usually do it this way. You would have node exporter. This is a simple application that opens a web interface and exports it matrix in the Prometheus standard format so that Prometheus could connect to the machine where node exporter was running and scrape the matrix. With Graphana alloy, you don't need any of this. You don't need to install node exporter on the system. You don't need a scrape job in Prometheus. You just need the Prometheus.exporter Unix components. So this is scraping all the necessary metrics from the host operating system. And then we have another component the discovery reabel component. So this is basically setting the instance the host name to the instance target label and the integrations node exporter to the job label. And the connecting component is this Prometheus scrape component. So this will receive the metrics from the reabel component output and forward them to the Prometheus remote write receiver. Again we just renamed the remote write to default from local. So I need to change it here otherwise it has a different name. So it's not uh finding that. And uh for the simplicity I'm also making this a bit smaller. and better readable. And I'm going to change a couple of these names. So, for example, this integrations node exporter. This is in my opinion a bit uh complicated. I'm just changing this to metric to make this a bit simpler to read. Yeah. Okay. So, um now what I also want to do is I want to replace the job name because I don't like this to be integrations note exporter. If you want to filter uh this for different servers, I think it would be nice to have a separate job for each server where alloy is scraping the metrics on. So, similar to how we are doing it here above with the instance name that is replaced to host name. I want to use a simple string format to add the dash matrix at the end of the host name. You will later see in graphana how this is looking like. I I found this to be the best way for me to manage the job names for several uh different servers here. Well, the other stuff we usually don't need to touch because I think it's a really good example. If you want to make any uh customizations to it, feel free to do it. But in my opinion, uh these scenario examples are already pretty good. And uh if we have it in this compact format, I think it's easier to understand. Let us first test if that's working because we changed a lot of things here. uh if I might run into a different error. No, it seems okay. So hopefully everything is working fine. Um let's again open the alloy component in here. Oh yeah. So you can see this now has been updated here. You can see first the Prometheus exporter is scraping the matrix from the local system. It's sending this to the re label matrix components to add the host name and instance labels. Then it's uh scraping this and sending it to the Prometheus. Right. By the way, uh the numbers here, you can also see the latency between these uh jobs. Also pretty nice to troubleshoot and monitor this. For example, if you Whoops. What the hell is that here? Uh I think that's because I'm using a private browser. Let's go into the Graphana drill down metrics. So here you should see let's go to like uh last 15 minutes. So here you can see it's it's start to show up some metrics from the system. Of course this is in the drill down it's a bit hard to read. So therefore I've added a dashboard called note exporter full. So here this is the same note exporter um dashboard that I would use for the old Prometheus scrape job. So uh if we go to last 15 minutes so we can see yeah the graphs are filling up. So everything should be fine. You see here you can see the CPU memory utilization network traffic basics and so on. And here in the job you can see it's it's saying server test one metrics because in the configuration we have added the dash matrix to the host name as a job label. So feel free to change anything in here. The note or the instance name is server test one. Remember when we go back to this here, we set it to that. You need to change this to the real host name where you deploy Grafana alloy. So then you can easily scrape logs and metrics for all your different servers and you can easily uh filter them out in the dashboards later. So that's that's really nice. But yeah, as you can see, this is working as expected. Um no need to change anything in here. The next uh thing that I want to show you is uh when we go back to the uh scenarios here you can see there are also configuration entries for Loki. So this is collecting logs from the local file system but not only from the local file system also for the journal the systems djonal for node exporter. This is what was not possible with prompt tail so easily right. So it is also nice. So we might want to replace uh the existing prompt configuration or the promptail replacement configuration with this one here. Uh let's go back in here. Let's first of all stop the container. I think if we change the configuration, you need to restart the container to make this active. But yeah, okay. So we will delete this prompt example. I think we don't need this anymore. Let's instead call this uh system logs and this year system metrics. Let's put it in. And of course, I'm going to clean up some of the comments here. And of course, what I need to do, we don't need to define the Loki right component again because we defined that above in the targets just with a different name default. So whenever I'm seeing this address here, we have to use the name default to match our target component to send it to the Loki database. All right. But now we have two separate sections here. We first have the journal. So that is this source here. This will scrape um the system journal send it to the reabel rules. So that is this component here. I suppose it is necessary to match specific source labels that come from the systemd genre component to match them into the Loki format correctly. So it's very simple. This is just a one two three component uh chain. And then we have the system local file match. Again, this is what was used by prompt tail as well, but it's uh scraping the sys lock messages and any other file that ends with lock adds the instance name host name and again this is this uh integrations node exporter. Uh again I want to replace this with the string format like we did below in the matrix but of course uh this time I don't want to add matrix here I want to add locks. All right, but I think that should be all. Nothing else. Uh don't worry, I will later on put these examples in separate files on my own boiler plates repository so that it is a bit easier for you to read and uh copy and paste these. But uh let's again try if that works as well. So yeah, it looks great. And let's return to my graphana instance. Now we need to drill down into locks. And ah here you can see uh by the way this is the system is the old job from the prompt replacement. We don't need this anymore. Uh no well the journal is is still missing in here. And I think yeah I know where this is coming from. There is an open issue on GitHub when Graphana alloy is running in a container. You need to add something to the journal scrape job. So this should be here source journal because when it's running in a container we need to add this here the path and set this to vlog journal. Don't ask me why this is needed. I just found it somewhere in an issue on GitHub there. Somebody said you need to set the path when alloy is running in a container if you want to scrape the systems djournal. I don't know the reason why but I just added this and then it's working fine. And I also added a label to change the job name dash journal. So then we should see this as a separate job in um the graphana instance as well. So uh make sure to add these two if graphana alloy is running in a container otherwise the system dour uh doesn't really work. Let's restart it and then if we refresh now we should see a third uh item. Yep. Yes. So here you can see server one journal. So these are the systemd journal locks and above here the server test one locks. Let's uh let's refresh it to the last 5 minutes. So these are the two jobs that we have created. All right. So now this is everything about matrix and locks. This is the basic configuration how you can send locks plus metrics with graphana alloy to Loki and Prometheus. And you don't need anything else. You don't need uh prompt tail. You don't need node exporter. You just need your monitoring stack and deploy alloy with this configuration on all your hosts that you want to scrape locks and metrics from. I think this is really comfortable and practical, but I I'm still not done. I know it's a long video and uh yeah, feel free to jump off if if that's enough for you, but I still would say there's one more thing that is really important and that is scraping locks and metrics for Docker containers. because this is such a big topic that I had covered in previous tutorials on this channel. Remember uh we needed to deploy the Grafana Loki's Docker plugin. We needed to add the logging driver labels to all our containers that were running on this system. And honestly, maintaining this uh was really a huge pain. And uh with Graphfana alloy, you can do this all without needing the Docker plugin, without needing to add anything to your Docker Compose labels. This just works with a single configuration in a single application. This is so incredible. So therefore, I thought this is so valuable I need to show this to you. So let's go back to the alloy scenarios. Here we have another example, Docker monitoring. So when we go into this alloy configuration, what the heck is no going on? I don't know what's refreshing it. Okay. Anyway, so here we are. It's now working. So here you have a better structured configuration. You see here above is the matrix configuration for Prometheus. There is the logging configuration. And I thought let's just copy and paste this and test it. So let's uh copy it here. Uh first of all, I want to stop the alloy container. Let's go back to the config file and let's put it at the end here. I think that's fine. We just need to replace the targets of course. Yeah, you probably should know this from the other jobs. So here the Prometheus remote write demo uh that we need to delete and we will replace demo with default to send it to the same Prometheus instance and I will probably simplify this docker matrix. Okay. So then we have system metrics, we have docker metrics. These are just these two components that are necessary. Um I want to change the example and the scraper also docker metrics. Okay, that's fine. All right. And then we have the logging configuration. Docker locks. We don't need to define the loi right. So loi right local we set to default. And I think that should be all. Let's try and test it out. I would say let's deploy this again. Let's refresh it. And ah okay so here you can see the locks are popping up for the alloy container. Now we see the locks for graphana and for traffic as well. So basically all the docker containers that are running on my system are automatically scraped and the locks are sent. Of course we should also still uh check the metrics here. Here you can see eight running containers are on my system depending on what dashboards you have. this the CPU usage of the containers. You can see the metrics and the locks for all your containers running on the system as well with just these simple configuration uh settings. I think whenever I need to collect telemetry so logs and metrics for containers or operating systems or maybe I will extend this uh to test out how to scrape metrics from Kubernetes ports or maybe databases. I will use graphana alloy as my one and only component that basically does it all. So, I'm super excited. Okay. Whoa. So, we are finished with this tutorial. I know it was a lot. And honestly, I'm really exhausted right now, but I hope it was valuable and I could take a little bit away the fear from you when it comes to configuring and using graphana alloy. And maybe you got some great ideas and inspiration to replace some of the older deprecated telemetry collectors in your home lab with this new application. Please let me know if this was helpful and valuable to you and if you're interested in seeing other scenarios with IT monitoring and graphana alloy. We haven't collected telemetry from databases or Kubernetes clusters. So there is a lot we could cover in the future. Please let me know in the comments if you're interested in. And as always, thank you so much for watching this video. Congratulations that you've made it to the end. And a big thanks goes out to all of the Patreon supporters and YouTube members of my channel. You guys are really amazing. And I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Manage Checkmk IT monitoring in Ansible ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2E7k7s0I44

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today I'm going to show you how to automate the IT monitoring platform Czechm by using Ansible. Because if you remember in my first Czechm tutorial, we had covered some of the basics about installing the Czechm monitoring solution in my home lab. We've added some hosts, activated some services, and while that approach was really great for a smaller setup like my home lab, some of you reached out to me asking how to actually handle this at scale. So if you have a larger infrastructure with many different servers and things you want to monitor, installing and configuring everything manually becomes a huge pain and a lot of work. So that's exactly why in this video we are taking a look at the Czechm anible collection. For this video, I've created some anible playbooks that basically take everything that we did in the first tutorial, but turn them into a fully automated process that you can easily replicate for your entire infrastructure. Trust me, once you see how easy it is to automate this entire process, you will never want to go back to clicking through the web interface again. So, let's dive in. And of course, a huge thanks goes out to Czechm for sponsoring this video. All right, guys. So, just a few words before we start with this tutorial. So, this here is the GitHub page for the Czechm collection. You can see that it's basically using the Czech case rest API in the background which means it shares a lot of similarities to the API when it comes to the fields values and structure of the requests which you will later see in this tutorial is pretty useful. It's also worth saying that this collection is an open-source community project of Czechm. So there is no commercial support for it and Czechm does not guarantee proper functionality. But on the other hand, everybody is welcome to submit issues or pull requests for changes or new features to this community project. And I can also say from my personal experience that I didn't run into any issues. Overall, I had a great experience with the Ansible collection for Czechm and the team was really super responsive and helpful whenever I had questions for reviewing this video. By the way, although I'm primarily using the examples from the Python files in this video, there's also a more structured documentation on the Anible's Galaxy website. And if you're not familiar with Czechm or Anible at all, then well, watch my video tutorials on YouTube. Here you will learn all of the basics and the foundation you need to follow this one. And while you're at it, also make sure to give it a like and subscribe to the channel. That would be amazing. Also, you will find all the anible playbooks as templates on my boiler plates repository on GitHub so that you don't need to write down all the stuff that we are covering here. And of course, all the links are in the description of this video. Of course, before we can use this collection, we first of all have to install it on our local device. So therefore, just scroll down to this section here, install this collection, and just copy this command and paste it to the terminal on your local device. Also, what you should make sure from time to time if you're updating your check case instance to a newer version, you regularly should also update the Ansible collection to the latest version. So, here on the GitHub page, you can see there is a new release that was just um published last week. So, you can basically just use the same command to upgrade with the upgrade parameter. So, then it's updating the collection to the latest version. And the first example that I want to show you how to automate Czechm K is how to activate the site. When you scroll down, this is also the first example that you find on the readme page. If you remember from my first video tutorial, every change that you do in Czechm to the configuration of your site has to first be activated before it's affecting the active monitoring configuration. So I would always have to click on this button when I change the configuration. And of course, when we're automating the entire configuration in Ansible, we would also want to use an automated way to activate these changes. We will just start by using this template here. And I just want to go in a new uh project directory here. Let's go to my tutorial section. And let's just create a new directory, anible checkm. I think that's fine. Let's cd into that and open it in VS Code. So, first of all, I want to create a few files here. Um, first of all, the anible cfg. So here you can add some general configuration settings about anible. You probably know this from my other tutorial. So I won't go into too much detail here. But basically I'm just setting my remote user. I set an inventory file that I need to create here. In this inventory I just put all of the servers in my home lab or in my infrastructure that I want to use in the anible playbooks. And then we will start by creating a simple playbook. For example, let's name this activate changes.yamel where we could paste this example template. Okay. Of course, before we can make changes to our Czechm case platform, we first of all have to fill in these informations here, the server URL, the site that we're using, and we also have to add credentials for the administrative user and secret. Now it is generally recommend that you don't use your administrative user that you use for um your manual configuration or logging into the monitoring platform. It is always recommended to create a separate user for the anible automation. But for simplicity, I will just skip it and use my basic administrative user here. I still don't want to put my secret or my password of the um automation user in clear text here in the playbook. One uh way that I just recently discovered is by using the Ansible vault. So the Ansible vault uh will create an encrypted uh secrets value file where you can put in username and password. It's actually pretty simple. You just need to enter anible vault and then create a secrets file. For example, secrets.l. I think that's totally fine. Then we need to put in a secret vault password. So that we need to get access to this. I'm just putting in my password. And then we want to just uh define these two variables here. So I'm just copying the automation user and the automation secret. Of course, I'm changing these values now to my real administrative user and password. Again, for simplicity, I will put my admin user in here. And okay, so now we have saved this file. You can see it here. But when you try to open it, you can see this is encrypted without the password. You can't see anything in here. The next thing that I want to change is the server URL. Depending on how you installed Czechm K, if you followed my tutorial or if you used a separate way, you should have a URL where you usually log into your Czech MK's platform. So I can just copy this here and put it into a separate variable. But at the beginning, I will create a new section that is called vars. So here I will put in the server URL and the site I will also define this is checkm and here we can basically just replace these with the variable placeholders. So the way how you do this is also simple just uh add two curly brackets here and fill in the values that you've used above. At the beginning I will also add a new section vase files and we'll add the secretsy file. So just replace the credentials as well. And of course here uh in the sites definition you could also specify if you only want to activate the changes for a specific site. For simplicity I will also replace it with my variable here. All right. So just a few things that I still want to uh change. First of all I want to give this playbook a reasonable name. And another thing that I want to change here is I don't want to activate the changes from the hosts. So there are several ways in anible how you can do this. If you're running some queries or requests from your local device like this is a basic API request in the background that doesn't have to be initiated from the hosts in the inventory file. Instead it can be initiated from my local device. So therefore I'm changing the hosts to local host. So this is the most simple way to make sure this request is initiated from your local machine. First of all I want to check how this is working. So when we go back to the Czechm case monitoring platform you can see there are no pending changes that have to be activated. But maybe I can simulate a basic change if I go somewhere in the configuration of I don't know server pro one. And I might want to change something in here. For example, let's monitor the systemd socket summary whatever. So just make a simple change that we would have to activate manually here. All right. So to see how this is automated by using anible instead of clicking this in the web UI, we just go back to the terminal here and run an anible playbook with the name here activate changes. Now what I also want to add is the parameter or the flag ask vault pass. So this is required to decrypt this secretsy file. So when I execute this I need to fill in my password for the credentials. Now it's doing the activation and you can see it changed local host. No local host remember it is just executing the request from my local device. If we go back to the web UI, you should see this alert um button here at the top should disappear. And yes, you can see that worked. So now we have no pending changes. We just activated everything automated. And I think I would always recommend you if you make any changes via the Ansible playbooks to your CHMK configuration. You can add this small task here at the bottom of all the steps and then you automatically activated everything. All right. So this is uh already pretty useful. The next thing I want to do is I want to add more hosts to my Czechm instance because if uh we go back in here and you might remember this from my first video tutorial, these are the hosts that I had configured in this tutorial. So I added my server protection 1 2 7 containers like traffic 1 and two, DNS, my firewall and also my Proxmox protection one and two. But of course I still have other servers in my infrastructure. For example, my recently created Kubernetes cluster. This is running on server production 3, four and five. I haven't yet added these to the Czechm case site. And I thought it might be a great example to just show you how to fully automate new hosts in the Ansible playbook. This is pretty cool and it definitely saves you a lot of time especially if you have larger infrastructure that you want to monitor. All right. So, if we go back to the um Ansible collection of Czechm, you can see uh when you scroll up here, you can find some really great examples that show you in detail what you can all do with this collection. You can use the lookup plugins to query existing information. And when you want to change something, you just go to the module section. So, here you can find the general activation module that will activate the changes, but also many others. For example, host. This is what I want to use to add new hosts to this configuration. And here this is a pretty huge documentation with some examples you can find here in the readme file. I just want to do some very simple thing here. I want to create a host with an IP address. So I will just copy this here. And maybe I want to create this in a new anible playbook that I want to call manage hosts.yml. So we'll just put it in here. But of course we still need the same structure uh like we did in the active changes with all the variables and stuff like that. So I will also copy this and uh somehow put them both together. So here you can see I will just um replace these four values here at the beginning. So these I always have to define in the same ways. Just want to put the activation step at the bottom of course because I first want to add the hosts then I want to activate the changes. I think let's just start with the first server that I want to create. Of course I want to use the name server pro 3. I want to put it in the main folder. The state should be present and I don't need an alias for this so I can delete it. And in the attribute section, you can fill in all the settings that you usually would have to create in the web UI. And one thing that I first of all didn't really know where to find this is so when I want to change a different settings here that is not in the example template collection. For example, if I want to add some SNMP setting or I want to change the API integrations to some value, how do I actually find out what these values are and what names for the fields I have to put in into the attributes section here. And I want to show you that because this is really important for all the other future configurations that you're building in playbooks. And the easiest way to find these things is in the official API documentation of CHMK because as I said in the beginning the anible collection is basically just a different interface that executes the API requests in the background. So a lot of these attributes fields and stuff are all the same. So just go to the CzechMK monitoring platform and here in the left sidebar under help you have a developer resource section where you can find the rest APIs documentation. So when you click on that it will take you to this documentation and to be honest guys I just want to say at this point this is really one of the best documentations that I've found somewhere. So it's very very detailed and you find all the information that you're looking for in here. All right. So here in this uh documentation on the left sidebar you can find host. So this explains how to create host delete host and all of this stuff using the API. But when you go to create hosts you can see there is a rich documentation about all the fields and the values that you can fill in here. Here for example you can find the attributes field. When you click on this this opens a drop-own menu where you can see all the names of the fields and the values you have to put in. In case of an IP address, it is very simple because it's just a simple string. But if you want to change some other stuff in here, like this drop-own menu, you have to know so what these values are that you need to put in in the documentation. You can see under the tag agent field. Here is a great explanation of the values and what they mean in the web UI. The same you will also find for any other things that we are configuring later like rule sets and where it gets a lot more complex. This is always yeah the best source of truth for creating these playbooks according to your requirements. All right. So I know um this just aside but I think it is important to know this. So I wanted to explain it at this point here. Of course the IP address I need to change and I think that's fine. So when we just return to the terminal we just need to run this one. I think I called it managehost.yaml. Oh yeah. Okay fine. Let's execute this. And because I also added the activate changes step at the end, it should also be automatically activated. So when I go back to the checkMK instance and go to host, ah there it is. So there you can see a new host with this IP address has been configured and there are no padding changes. Of course, you can simply just repeat this uh step for all the other hosts that you want to create. I usually tend to create a separate tasks for each of these hosts, but it is basically up to you how you do this. So, you can see how quick it is to use automation tools like Ansible. It's really amazing. And you can also see here because we're using Ansible, Ansible automatically checks if these configuration settings are already existing and it only changes things that have to be changed. Yeah, like the create server free that was existing before. So it's not trying to add this configuration again. It's only adding the new servers that I have added to this configuration. And if we refresh the page, you can see there are my other servers. Okay. So that's basically how you can add any host configuration. No matter if this is for a virtual server or for container or whatever you want to monitor, it is always the same procedure. The next step is installing the agent on these servers. So in the previous video, we just did that manually. We open an SSH connection to this server pro free. We uh downloaded the Czechm agent package then run the installation. Then we also needed to register it for the HTTPS certificates and all of these things. Yeah, just imagine you would have to do this for all the servers. It gets a lot of work. But of course there is also in the anible collection a automated way of installing the agent and it also can automatically do the autoregistration. I should also mention at this point there's even a role to install a full Czechm server and manage Czechm sites. Also pretty useful. We're not going through this in that video because I think it's a bit out of scope otherwise it's just getting too long but I think the agent role is really super useful. So there's also another documentation here that explains all the fields and the values that you need to put in. But I will just show you my simplified template. It's actually pretty simple. So, let's go in here. Let's create a new file that is uh install agent.yml. I think that's fine. This is of course a task that I don't want to execute on the local host. So, this is something that I want to do on remote machines. So, therefore, it was important that we added this inventory here with all of the servers. So I can basically just grab the server production 3, four and five where the agent isn't installed yet and put them here. Now we also need to add the roles that we want to add to these hosts. In our case, it is the Czechm general agent. So we want to install the agent on all these servers. Then of course we need to add in the address of the agent server which is usually similar to the URL but just without the protocol the HTTPS at the beginning that you define in here in the Czechm agent server protocol. So make sure to set this to HTTPS if you're using HTTPS because the default um value is HTTP if I'm correct. also define your checkmk site and if you want to run the auto activation in the registration stuff also make sure to set the agent autoactivate to true. Now that of course also requires the username and password. So any other flags are documented here in this file. So just have a look if there might be something else that is required in your environment. I just found out these are all the values that are uh sufficient for my setup. So let's just do this and let's run anible playbook install agent. So this is also really really useful if you automatically want to update the checkmk agent on all your hosts. So if you have a large infrastructure, you can see how fast and quick this is. It really amazing. Yeah, it's it's doing everything for us automatically here. installing it for this specific operating system, configuring all the necessary stuff and registering the agent. It's really amazing. And of course, if there is a new version of Czechm deployed and you want to update the agent version on all your servers, just change the value in here and make sure to add the servers and it automatically gets distributed to your entire fleet. All right. So once that is complete, we can go back to the CzechMK instance and go into the service discovery of the newly created host. And here you should see the connection from the CzechMK agent to the Czechm server is working. So this is indicated by the state here and that we have a list with all the undecided services. So currently nothing is monitored but um that is the next step that we also want to automate in anible because usually you manually have to go into each uh of these hosts accept all the undecided services to add them to the monitoring configuration then update the host labels in here and of course also activate the pending changes. Now as you can imagine in the anible collection for Czechm there is also a separate module for the service discovery. So this is here in the uh general discovery section and there you can also again find some example configuration templates. I picked the second example here to fix all. So that means update the labels, remove vanished service and add all the discovered services because that's a general recommendation that I probably should mention at this point is like in the first tutorial we manually decided what services we want to monitor and we disabled all the others that might not be important for us. But to follow the best practices for Czechm, it is generally recommend to accept all. So monitor as much as you can that you automatically get notified about anything that might go wrong on your system and only when something does not match uh make a specific adjustments or configure rules or thresholds. Uh we will later on also do that by creating some rules with the anible playbooks. But here as you can see we probably should accept all the monitoring things here. One thing that I also might want to mention at this point here, you can see there is a critical warning for the Proxmox virtual environment memory usage which says that it would uh use 91% of the memory which is above the critical threshold of 90%. However, this is actually not really a big deal because when you compare it to the memory monitoring on the actual host operating system, the memory usage in fact is only 21%. And the reason for this is that the Proxmox virtual environment somehow reports the memory usage in a slightly wrong way. You can even see this when you go to the Proxmox server and go in the details of the server. You can also see the memory usage here. It's cached or reserved memory into this calculation which is actually not correct. So what I usually do is I accept all the other monitoring services and then I just disable this Proxmox virtual environment memory usage manually or I create a separate rule for this that this is not really a big deal for me but anyway so um to enable all these services uh let's go back to the anible collection I think we can still uh put this into the same manage host playbook and then of course uh we need to replace the credentials and other variables in here. And now this is an example for one specific host. But if you want this for all the host, you have to change it a bit. So uh change the host name to hosts and then provide an array of the host names you want to discover the services on. Like in my example, server production 3, four, and five. And uh once this is complete, I can just run the manage hosts playbook again, put in the password and then it goes through the service discovery. And when I go back to the check case instance and refresh the page, you should see that all of the services are now monitored. There are no pending changes because we also automatically activated them in the last steps here in our automation. So everything should be correct. And if we go to monitoring dashboard, you should also see that all the uh services are now reported into the dashboard. Now, when you still see these warnings here, don't worry. Sometimes Czechm takes a little time until all the checks are rescheduled. Okay, guys. So, that's how you add newly monitored hosts and discover services on CzechMK. Now, let's move on to another pretty important aspect of the Czech MK's configuration automation, managing rules. And this is honestly not always as straightforward as the previous sections because rules have many different parameters and conditions depending on their nature. For example, if you go to setup service monitoring rules, you can see how many different rules are existing in Czechm. And this is just one section. And there are many other rules for monitoring specific services and integrations. For example, one thing that I use in the HTTP TCP email configuration, a check for my DNS server. So this rule defines that I need to make a specific DNS query. So this way I can not only check if my DNS server is up and running, also if it resolves the names of my home lab correctly. But for other environments, you might have completely different rules and service monitoring uh configurations. So it was really hard to find some examples that everybody needs. But um still I'd like to try it and give you two practical examples that I have discovered as a use case in my home lab. We'll start with the DNS monitoring. And if we go back to the anible collection, if we want to try to replicate this rule setting here, there is a new module specifically to manage rules. As I said, these examples might just apply to this particular use case and you might have completely different configurations that you want to use. Here the API documentation in Czechm is really useful because that gives you all the necessary fields and configurations of these rules. So when we go into rules create rule here you can find all the necessary fields and configurations and how uh to structure your ansible playbook and what is also super helpful that I discovered sometimes it is useful to create a rule that you want to automate in the web UI first so that you get all the fields that are very specific for that particular rule and then if you go back to this section there is a button that is called export this rule for API. So this gives you a value representation of the raw fields that are very specific for that one rule set. However, this is not all that you have to add in the playbook. This is not the entire structure. This is just the structure of the value raw parameters. Now the others like the properties or the conditions you still have to add in the anible playbooks. But there's also another way of getting this information from existing rules and this is by using the lookup modules. So when you have existing rules in checkmk and you just want to know what they look in an ansible structure, you can use the lookup module for rule. So here is a basic example that just gets a rule with a particular rule ID. Of course, you have to have this ID first, but you can also find this very easily in the web UI. When you go back to that specific rule, go to edit and then in the rule properties, when you click on show more, this will reveal the unique rule ID as well as the rule set name that you also might need in the Ansible playbook. So, let's copy the rule ID. Let's put it in here. One error that I ran into and this is only happening on Mac OS with this Anible collection. Um, this was probably designed for Linux operating system. So you might need to run a small virtual Linux machine and just uh run the same command here again. And here you can see this is the output that contains the entire settings for that rule. I know it can sometimes be a bit tricky to transform this into an actual anible playbook, but I think once you have created your templates and you are just reproducing the same configuration, it is kind of easy to change certain values in here because the properties and the conditions are very similar for most of the rules that you want to create. only the value raw fields that you can basically copy from existing configurations might be the only thing that is very much different for each type of rule set. There is a second example that I also want to show you because if we go back to the um Czechm monitoring solution, you can see I have a few critical warnings in here. Some of them are valuable, some of them not. But one thing that really bothered me here was the temperature warnings for some of the internal hard drives. Because here we can see that the NVME drive on my secondary Proxmark server is always reporting a critical temperature. However, this is not actually an issue because these thresholds originally have been created for magnetic hard drives that are indeed struggling with higher temperatures than 35 and 40°. However, in case of NVME drives or SSDs, those can take much higher temperatures. NVME is sometimes over 60 or 80°. And this is completely normal for this type of drive which is by the way um a problem I don't seem to be the only person is having. So therefore you can see JMK has created an internal knowledge base that explains this particular uh problem and how to create a rule set that will change the threshold values for these drives. So these are the crucial one TBTE SSDs and the Western Digital 1 TB NVME drive. Now the way how you would manually create a rule for this is you open the action menu and then go to parameters for this service click on temperature and then there is a button add a rule for current host and sensor ID. So this will automatically create a service monitoring rule and it already makes it ex active for these explicit host. Now, if you're using the same Western Digital Drive on several servers, you could disable this. So then the rule gets active for all the hosts when they have drives, maybe you have different drive sizes. So you can use an asterisk here to make this active for that particular uh model. And then in the values you can change the upper temperature levels to warning at I don't know for an MVME drives let's uh set it to 60° and critical at 80°. This is how you would create such a rule in the web UI. Of course I've already transformed this into an anible playbook. So here is an example that we can use. So we want to copy this to our project. Maybe let's change the name from DNS rule to manage rules. I think that makes a little more sense and put them here underneath. Of course, I need to change a few things in here. So, the values raw. These are basically the levels 60 and 85. I said 80°. Okay. Uh fine. And then match on there. Here we need to put in the name of the drive. So, that one here. You can also add other items. So for example, let's go back to the monitoring. So here we also had problems with this here CD 1000 asterisk. So then the new threshold should become active for these two drive models. Theoretically I probably should create a separate rule for these SSDs here and uh reduce the temperature levels because NVME really take the high temperature the SSD is a bit lower. M I think that should still be fine. All right, so that has been changed. Let's go back and let's go to service monitoring rules. Now we can search for temperature and there should be two rules in here. So the first one I've already created. The second one is that that we've just newly created for the Western Digital and the uh Crucial SSDs. Now, if we go back to monitoring, you might want to wait a bit, but I know you can see it's already updated. So, no, we still got one warning for the Proxmox server, but the other warnings has gone away. If we go to the second Proxmox note, you can see there's a temperature for all the drives. But if we go in here, uh you can see the thresholds have been changed to warning of temperature 60° and critical temperature of 80°. So, I think that's pretty nice. And yeah, this is a pretty simple way how you can customize the rules of Czechm according to your needs and requirements and adjust these settings in an automated and simple and reproducible way. Okay. Yeah. So I think that's enough for today. Of course, we haven't covered each and every section of the Anible collection. There are certainly other parts that might also be interesting, but I think you know understand how it basically works and you can check out the documentation on your own and find out how to adjust it according to your needs. Again, check out my boiler plates repository on GitHub to find all the templates that I have created for this tutorial and have fun automating your IT monitoring for your home lab. Please let me know what you think about it and if you have any other questions or topics that I should cover in future videos, please let me know. And if you enjoy these videos and tutorials, if they are valuable for you, it would be amazing if you'd consider supporting me on Patreon or become a YouTube member. And again, thanks to all the people who are already supporting me here. You guys are just amazing. As always, thank you so much for watching and I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Building a static website in Markdown with Hugo ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX4yy1dTVYg

Hey guys, this is Christian and today we're taking a look at the new website that I'm currently building for my YouTube channel. Yes, I'm finally working on a new web project where I'd like to publish all of the videos that I'm making, including some notes, resources, and links. And I just thought it might be interesting to document this entire process for you and show you exactly how I'm building this in a brand new video series. Because if you had asked me some time ago about how to create a simple website, I probably would have told you to just use one of the most commonly used content management systems for websites called WordPress. But these days that has changed a little. Not just because of all of the news that were around WordPress a few months ago. No, honestly, I've never been a huge fan of the WordPress framework. I just didn't know any better way to build a website because WordPress is really a huge pain to manage in my opinion and you have to find ways to constantly optimize and maintain it. It is really horrible and takes a lot of time and effort. So for creating my new website, I've recently been searching for a much better framework that would allow me to build a website that is much simpler, requires less maintenance, and is out of the box super fast and reliable. And I found it. The magic word is static websites. And that is exactly what I'm going to show you in this video. Today, we'll build the foundation for my new static website using the Hugo framework. I tell you everything you have to know to simply get started and create beautiful websites that are super fast. And don't worry, you don't have to be an expert in HTML or CSS at all. This is all working by just using simple textbased markdown files. Sounds great? Well, then keep watching and let's take a look at the Hugo framework together. Before we do that though, I quickly want to show you another incredible tool that I use for remote access called Twingate, the sponsor of today's video. Whenever I'm connecting to one of my remote servers over SSH or accessing my administrative tools in my home lab, I use the zerorust network access platform Twinate because this is just so much better and more secure than traditional VPNs. And it is even easier to deploy because Twing allows me to securely connect to my local network from anywhere, even through Nut devices and my local firewall without any port forwarding or firewall exceptions that I would have to enable. It is super smart and furthermore it verifies each access request that leaves my devices. Everything has to be authorized otherwise Twinate won't let the request go through. I've already done many tutorials and showed you how to install it using Docker or integrated in Kubernetes or on your DevOps environments using Terraform. So, it's a huge recommendation from my side. And if you want to check it out, it is completely free for up to five users and connects to 10 different remote networks. So, what are you waiting for? you start making your network more secure and accessible with Twin Gate. Of course, I'll drop your link to this in the description box down below. All right, guys. So, now let's get on with building the foundation for my new website. Before we start, I quickly want to give you a little more context about static websites and why I'm doing it this way. Because some of you might not be familiar with the distinction between a CMS, a content management system like WordPress, and a static website. Now at its core, every website consists of three main technologies. HTML, the hypertext markup language, which tells your browser what the content of the website is like text, images, links, forms, etc. Then we have CSS cascading stylesheets that controls the presentation or styling of the website. And nearly all modern websites also have a third technology called JavaScript on board. So this adds behavior and interactivity to your website allowing you to dynamically add content updates, add animations, user interactions, these kind of things. And generally, if you want to host a website somewhere, you also have to have a web server, of course. So that delivers all of these files to your browser where they're finally interpreted and presented to you as a user. So this is what we already call a static website where the entire content consists in these free file formats. However, if you dynamically want to make updates to these websites, like if you have multiple people working on publishing articles or if you want to store any kind of user information like loginins, email addresses or maybe products uh in an online shop, you also need a database and that often comes together with a CMS, a content management system. So this is a system that takes the request from the user and then first makes a query in a database where all of the information and the content is stored in and then it generates the actual HTML code using its processing language and then finally the CMS delivers the HTML code together with the CSS and JavaScript to the browser. Before anybody says it in the comments of course this is a very simplified workflows. Technically, there can also be other technologies involved like CDNs and so on, but I just wanted to keep it simple to focus on the stuff that it actually comes down to when comparing a content management systems to static websites. By the way, WordPress is, as I said, one of the most commonly used CMS, but there are of course also others existing like Typo Free or Drupal that are probably a bit more wellknown. all have their pros and cons, but they all kind of share at least one big disadvantage over static websites. And some of you can already guess it because um it involves a database query and a processing language where code or files are generated whenever a user requests something. A content management system will always run slower than a static website. And furthermore, any content management system also add a lot more complexity to it. Like a database server alone might require additional computing resources and maintenance, more CPU power, more memory depending on how many user requests your web server gets and how well it is optimized for that. This can add some heavy latency to any websites, which is the reason why many unmaintained WordPress websites are ridiculously slow. Of course, it is important to say at this point that I know not all content management systems are slow by design. Yeah, there are many ways to optimize a CMS to make it nearly as fast as static websites. We already touched on CDN. You can also do caching, database query optimization and stuff like that. But you have to keep in mind this often requires still more resources, a better knowledge of the system, and regular maintenance of your database and content management systems. So that is basically the main difference. Yeah, keep in mind that it doesn't mean that you should stop using CMS at all and only deploy static websites. Yeah, there are obviously many good reasons to use databases because it's the only way to actually store user information somewhere on the server side. But if you're just building a a simple website that doesn't really need to store any user information, which by the way also makes a website better for privacy, a static website is in my opinion the best way to do it. However, I'm pretty sure that nobody wants to build or write static websites completely from scratch like HTML, CSS, JavaScript completely on your own. That would be horrible for maintaining it and super complicated to create and publish new content. So, so to work around this uh problem, there is a solution and that is called static website frameworks. Something like Hugo is. So this handles some of the complexity of generating the HTML and CSS code for you but without requiring a database and serverside processing when the user requests the page. So whenever you change the content of the website the build process is happening automatically in your CI/CD pipelines when you make the change and only the final HTML, CSS and JavaScript files are uploaded to the web server. So when a user requests a website, no processing or database query need to happen. Uh it will just deliver the latest files that were uploaded to the server. So this is super cool, super fast and also interesting to integrate it uh with CSC and DevOps practices. Now the last part we don't cover in this video otherwise it probably would be 2 hours or 3 hours long. But of course I'm working on a part two for this project because I want to build my website. Yeah. So in part two we will cover exactly this automation and how to publish the website and deliver it to the worldwide web. Uh today we'll just start with the basics and we'll check out the Hugo framework on their official website gohugo.io. So there you can get access to all of the files and the documentation. Hugo by the way is an open source project that offers great speed and flexibility. I absolutely love this and it really makes website creation super simple and fun. Of course, there are many other aesthetic website generators like Hugo around like GitHubs Jackal for example, but um I just absolutely love Hugo because I found it to be the most simple um framework for creating my website. All right, so let's check out how to build a website with Hugo. I'm sorry for the long introduction, but I think sometimes it is useful to have enough background to understand why I'm actually doing it this way and not use a content management system. Anyway, so to build a website with Hugo, you first of all have to install the Hugo framework to your local device. So you can install it on any operating system like Mac OS, Linux, Windows, or even BSD. Uh in my case, I'm using Mac OS as you probably should know. And it is super easy uh to install because you can use the homebrew package manager, but there are also other ways possible like building it from source and so on. One thing that might be important to mention at this point is that Hugo comes in different types of versions and it has an extended version that has many features that some themes require to function properly. So when you're using Homebrew in Mac OS that automatically installs the extended version of Hugo to your local device and this is also the way that I would recommend it to install. So just run brew install Hugo and that's it. You can also add a specific version but um the latest version should also be fine. All right. So once we have installed the Hugo CLI tools, we first of all need to go to one directory where you want to store the website. And to install a new website, you simply just run the command Hugo new uh site and then just give it a name. That will also be the name of the folder that will be generated. In my case, uh I'm just going to call it my my new website. I think that's fine. And then we cd into this directory and open it in VS code so we can easily add content and change the settings of the website. Now, as you can see, the Hugo CLI tools have created a bunch of different directories and already some basic configuration templates and settings for your new websites. Let's first of all go quickly through the files and directory structure of Hugo because this is really important to understand. So here on the documentation you can see what each directory actually is for. I won't go through all of the details here but the main directories are the assets directory that contains all the images, CSS, JavaScript files, scripts and content like that. Then we have the config directory. There's obviously stores the main configuration files. Uh the content should also be self-explanable. And the uh public directory let's see where this is. Yeah, the public and the resource directory. In simple terms, it contains everything you just have to upload to your web server to publish your website. And then there's also the themes directory. So, this contains the Hugo theme. So, how you want your website to look and function. Now, by the way, let's uh talk about themes. So, theoretically, you can build a Hugo website completely from scratch using your own HTML, CSS, and JavaScript templates. However, I would always recommend you to not start from scratch and instead just use one of the many free existing themes for Yugo. So, you can find them on the website when you just go to themes. And here you can search for any theme, filter it by tag. So, for example, if you're interested in a block theme. Yeah. Or if you want something for your technical documentation, maybe you want something more minibalistic. So, you will find many good themes in here. In this video, I'd like to show you the theme Blowfish that I recently discovered. And this is the one that I fell in love with for my new website because it's built on the Tailwind CSS. And the Blowfish theme already comes with many many features that are built in and great for creating my website. Like there is a YouTube video embedding uh short code where you can easily include any YouTube videos to your website pages. And there are also many other cool features. For example, this alerting function here would be really nice in my technical documentation to simply add a batch like this here. Or it also supports gy cards, GitHub cards, GitLab cards. Some interesting stuff for us developers here. But of course, if you're using the Hugo framework, feel free to try out any theme that you like. I'm not saying that Blowfish is the best for all websites. I just think it is best for the website that I like to build, right? So, just check out something in here. But in this video I will focus on installing the Blowfish theme. But generally the installation process of these themes is most likely very similar. So uh when you go to the Blowfish documentation you can also see an installation guide here. So here it is described what we have to do and they have a CLI tool that help you to get started with Blowfish. This actually installs a new Hugo project with the Blowfish theme already installed. But I don't like to go it but I don't like to do it this way. I personally would recommend you to use a GitHub subm module. So you can also use a Hugo module that would be possible but I think git uh because I'm using git lab for storing my Hugo website I think that works much better this way. So what we need to do is we just need to follow these instructions here. So when we go to the directory I think we're already in here. Yep. We can just paste the git init commands to initialize a new git project in this directory and then just add a sub module that will link to the blowoffish theme on GitHub. So this will automatically clone the repository to the theme's blowfish directory. All right. So once we have that we can continue with the guide because the next step is also pretty important. Every theme has a different way of how to manage config files. But generally the main root folder of the website there is the main Hugo.l configuration file that was created by Hugo. So Blowfish wants us to delete this file that was generated and copy the other terminal config files from the themes directory in the config default directory folder. So we'll just do that and let's go to this here. Uh delete the hugo.toml tunnel and then in themes directory we have these files here. So these we need to just copy create a new folder here config_default and paste it in here. Okay. So once we have these configuration files you can see there is a hugto file. This is again the main configuration file um that blowfish uses but there are also others that might contain different settings. One thing that is also pretty important because we didn't use the Hugo modules to install the blowfish theme. We also need to add the line theme blowfish at the top of the Hugo.l file in this config directory here. So let's continue with that and then let's go to the next steps getting started guys. So this explains all of the basic configuration functions and so on. But let's go through this together. So let's return to VS Code. And the very first thing that we need to do is we need to uncomment this line here that sets the theme to Blowfish. That's important. And also set the base URL. So this will uh be the domain. In my case, I want to use Chrisber.de as my main domain for the website. And the default content language is English. Uh so you can change this in the languages toml files for each language code. You can make adjustments to all of these things here if you want. So, for example, let's just go in here and I want to change some of these parameters here. For example, add my name and the image. I will just link to my GitHub profile picture and put it here. So, then I don't need to upload this myself. And yeah, so that's everything we need uh for now. Of course, I will also use some of the links here, for example, YouTube. And uh what I also like to change and this is pretty cool uh in the blowoffish uh theme because the blowoffish theme comes in different colors. So here you can see the color themes and I think for my website I will use the congo themes. So this probably fits uh the style of my channel the best. So uh let's go to the params and set this to congo. The default appearance should be dark mode of course. Um, there is an auto switch appearance in the blowfish theme. That is pretty cool. But of course, yeah, I want the default settings to be dark mode. Yeah, that's fine. All right. So, these are uh all of the main settings. How to configure this website. No, of course. Um, I want to see how that would actually looks. Yeah. And the Hugo static website frameworks has a pretty nice way of uh presenting this or working uh on the website. It has some developer tools that you can use to start a simple web server right on your local device to test um your website and see how it looks. And then you don't need to set up anything yourself. You don't need to set up a web server. It doesn't require any internet connection. It just works immediately. And the cool thing is whenever you change something in the parameters or in the content of the website, the web server is automatically reloading and rebuilding the website in just a few milliseconds. So you can immediately see all of the changes that you're doing in here and can really build your website step by step. I really love this. This is super cool. So let me show you how this works. You just need to um enter the command Hugo server. And then I want to add two flags in here. Technically you don't need them, but I think they are pretty useful. The fast renderer feature is a performance optimization that Hugo uses during the development. But sometimes it hides errors or shows incorrect previews. So if you want to make significant changes, if you're building the website completely from scratch, uh disabling the fast renderer guarantees that uh the website that you see is 100% accurate preview of what the final website will look like. And also the no HTTP cache is important. If you make changes to CSS, JavaScript or image files that ensures that you always see the latest version of those assets in your browser. Without the browser might continue to use the cached versions. So you wouldn't see the changes that you're making and that might be a bit confusing here and there. So I would recommend you to use these two settings here. Just hit enter. So, one error message that we see here, and I think that's part of the reason how I deployed Hugo and added the blowoffish theme later using Git. Um, that I get this error message here that it wouldn't be compatible with this Hugo version. But, um, I've tested it multiple times and for me it always works regardless of this error. So, I think this doesn't necessarily have to be a critical error. You see, it is also flagged as a warning. But yeah, I might just try out different deployment methods to see if that error message goes away when I just deployed using the Blowfish CLI tools. Who knows? Anyways, you can see that this entire website just built in 112 milliseconds. So, you can see this is super fast. Of course, it's really just a very basic website with no content files. It might take a little longer if you have more files that need to be processed. Uh, but as you can see, this is super fast and you just have to open this location on your local device. So, um then you can see the preview of the website. Just copy the URL, paste it in here, and that's my new website or at least, um the basic foundation of it. Uh but you can already see my image is in here. Uh the name is in there. Um yeah, the biography I might want to change. But actually, this would be a good test to show you how easy it is to simply change something in here. So, let's return to the VS Code projects. Go to params. Uh oh, no, it was here in the languages. So here you can see that is the headline. So of course I want to change this here. This here I think that would look pretty nice. So if we return uh to the website you can see it's already changed. And if we go into the server lock um you can see that it was rebuilt even faster. Yeah. So that is super cool. You can make any changes in here and return to the website. It should be automatically reloaded and you directly see how it's affecting the look and feel. All right. So um I know we spent a lot of time on the basics. Yeah. But I think it's really important to go through this in detail. Now you have a good understanding of how the Hugo system should work and we can now finally start adding some content to the website and building it step by step. Now just like I said earlier, Hugo organizes the content in the content directory. So if it isn't existing just create a new directory here. And then this content is further structured based on content types and sections which are basically just directories that you create. But a general tip that you should always follow your content directory and how it's being organized should be in a way or in a manner that reflects the rendered website structure. So in my case, I'd like to publish some writeups, articles about my YouTube videos. That's why I think it makes a lot of sense to create a new section called videos. For example, let's just start by adding a new video project. As I said, this is just a simple markdown file that we are creating here. And now we can add text or other elements to this. But I still want to build the structure of the website and enhance it a little. So apart from the videos, I would also like to publish an about me page. Yeah. That I just put in the main content directory or a resources markdown file. By the way, if you want to change um the content of the homepage or um the default page of any of the sections in here, you can use an underscore index. MD file. So this is the main index file of the current directory. So if you just put this in the main content, this is the landing page. If you put this in the videos, this will be shown or the content in here will be shown when you open the link of the section videos. So you can see there is probably the post for the excal draw in here. But if you change anything in the index file of the video section, you can see the content above the other posts. Okay, so I don't need it for this page. I think that just looks weird. If you have some content before that, you could add something like, "Hey, here you can find all my videos or whatsoever." But I don't think this is important. Or maybe it would be interesting to show a link to the YouTube channel here at this point. I don't know. We'll see. Let's first go into my Excalibraw post. So now I can show you how to add some content to it. Again, this just works like any markdown file. You can add headings at the description from the video in here. Can also add a list elements here. Maybe to other tutorial videos. Maybe do it like this here. I think that would be better. Can by the way also add code blocks in here. And generally use any other formattings uh that you can use in markdown. By the way, if you're not familiar with the markdown language and how to build this, uh don't worry. There is a nice website that explains everything about that. That is called markdownguide.org. So this is a free and open source reference guide that explains how to use markdown. So just go through it um dive into the syntax and learn everything about how to format this stuff. This is a pretty common standard. GitHub uses it. Other technical documentation uses it. Even note-taking tools like notion or obsidian use it. So this is a pretty common markup uh language. And it's also super simple to import any existing articles or existing posts that are formatted in markdown into the Hugo static websites. really amazing. This is by the way how it looks on the final website. So it's super simple to add more content to this. All right. So additionally to the markdown language, Hugo also supports front matter. Front matter is a section at the very beginning of this file that is a key value pair block enclosed by the triple dash delimiter. So here you can add things like the title for the page or add a description. You can also uh use it to add categories or tags that later can be displayed in the Hugo framework and can be used for searching or filtering. By the way, if you're creating a markdown page that you don't want to publish, you can set the draft to true. So then it won't be generated when you build the website. And if you have other pages like for example the about section, you can also use it to change the layout. So, for example, if you go to this page, I don't want it to look like an actual post. So, therefore, I like to change it to something different. The actual layouts of your Hugo theme are usually located under themes, layouts underscore default. So, this contains the final HTML code that the Hugo website builder will later generate, but it of course also contains some placeholders and functions that are later replaced by the dynamic content. So in theory, you can customize anything in here to change the entire theme. Put in your own HTML, CSS whatsoever, but I would not recommend you to change these layouts if you're just using the theme and updating it. Otherwise, updates might overwrite them. So here is this the base template that contains the main um elements of the website like the dock type HTML but there is also a simple layout that removes the author and all of that stuff above here that is what I would use for the static pages like about me resources and stuff like that. So when we go in here we can change that to simple and then it looks much much simpler. So here you can see all of the settings that you can add to these pages to change certain settings. For example, if you want to show the author or not, you can enable or disable that. But this is of course then only active for that specific page. If you want to set the default uh parameters, you need to go to the config directory here in the params.toml file. You can see all of these default settings in here. For example, what I would like to do is um I would like to show the author but at the bottom I don't like it uh that it is at the top of the page. So when I change this setting here you can see u it starts with a tutorial and then at the bottom there is my uh little badge here. Now one thing that I also wanted to do this is super important for my website. I wanted to embed YouTube videos. Luckily the blowoffish theme this is also part of the reason why I've chosen it. This supports the YouTube light short code. Short codes, by the way, are small snippets of code that you can insert into your markdown files to add more complex output. You can just uh copy and paste these examples here, adjust them, put them in the markdown file, and then they are rendered. For example, let's just try out this here. Go to the Excali draw page and then add a button here. Then you should see this. All right. So this is super simple like this. So in case of YouTube video, you can just use the YouTube short code here. Maybe I like to add it at the top here. Of course, you just need to find the YouTube video ID. So in case of my Excal video, I just need to grab this little ID here. Replace it here. That's a video. You can click on play and it automatically plays the video. So this is of course super practical for building my website. All right. So before we add the menu, one more thing. I didn't talk about how to customize this landing page or the homepage. Yeah, this is real quick. Just go back to VS Code and go to params. So, here is a section called homepage. Here you can change the main layout. There are some other valuable options like page. Then you need to put the underscoreindex markdown file into content and can customize this to look exactly like how you want it. Uh you can change it to hero card background. For example, let's uh change it to background. Then you can add a background image that you need to put into the assets directory. For example, I have this cover um JPEG banner. I just want to copy here to the assets directory. And then we can change the homepage image to the cover image. And that's how it would look like. But I'm still not fully convinced by this background look and feel. Yeah, I think I still want to go with this profile page here and just make it a bit more simple because then it can also serve as a link tree replacement. You see the links to social media. Maybe one thing that I would uh like to add here. I think this is pretty important to show the latest uh videos that I've created. So here for example, you can enable the show recent. This will automatically add the recent posts in here. One thing that I want to show you real quick here because uh you can see this is just a list of these tutorials here. How you can add thumbnails to this. So there is a specific practice that we need to follow here. We need to transform the content markdown file for the excalator tutorial into a directory and add a featured JPEG or PNG image to this. This will be the thumbnail and then change the main article to index domarkdown file. So let's try out that. But I think that would look pretty nice. Um, so first of all, I need to change this to index and then create a new directory, excelraw tutorial. Move it into here. And then I also need to add a feature image. Here is the excal thumbnail. So let's move it in here and rename it to featured. Here this is the homepage. There is a thumbnail for this post. And then you can directly see all the latest videos. This, by the way, if is of course responsive. So when you open this on mobile, yeah, well, that doesn't look great. Maybe I can do something about that here. But at least you can see the recent videos with a thumbnail, you can click on this, which will take you to the post, the article where I can find the resources, uh maybe code snippets, whatever is important. But yeah, I think that already looks pretty nice. There's just one more thing that is missing because every good website needs an easy way of navigating and finding the content that you're looking for. You can still use the search function here. Um, this already works as you can see. Uh, but yeah, of course, a menu is super important. Yeah, and this is also really really simple to create. Um, there is a toml configuration file called menus with many examples in here that you can find. So, nothing too special about it. This is just a menu structure that I built. So you have a main videos. Then you have a sub menu for tutorials, reviews, and tips. There's also a footer menu that you can use in Blowfish. I don't know if I want to use that. Maybe for the legal notice Impressum that you need in Germany. It's a bit annoying, but yeah, I think that's a good place for the these type of menus here. And yeah, so that is basically how the final website is looking or at least the first version of it. I think we really built a pretty nice looking and functional website and already added some useful content placeholders for it. In the next weeks, I definitely start working on the actual content. So, now that I've created the foundation and maybe I can try importing some of the um posts or the videos that have already stored in my notion uh space that would make it a bit simpler otherwise I have to create all these things here manually. But maybe I'll start with the latest 20 30 videos. cuz I don't know how exactly I want to do it but any new video project I also will add to this page and then when I finally publish it this of course we will do in the second part of this video then you should also be able to use and browse this website. I just need a couple of more weeks to prepare it and uh make a new video about the publishing and so on. If you want to give me some feedback or if you have any ideas for new functions on my website then please leave me a comment. Usually, I read all the comments and I'm really excited to hear all the feedback for this project that I'm currently building. And if you enjoy these videos, if they help you to accomplish and learn something, please consider supporting me on Patreon or becoming a YouTube member. That would be really amazing. So, I think that's it for today. Thank you so much for watching and I'm going to catch you in the part two. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== NEW GitLab CI CD components explained ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwRWXCdbDVo

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today I'm going to show you how to simplify all of your CI/CD pipelines in GitLab by using components. This feature was introduced in GitLab version 17 and it allows you to create reusable pipelines that can be used across your entire GitLab platform. So if you have similar types of automation jobs that you always want to use across different projects, for example, deploy a docker compos file on a remote server or manage your infrastructurees as code with terraform, you can define these type of jobs in a gitlab cicd component and just use this in all your project pipelines without having to rewrite the same code all the time. And this is really great to reduce redundancies and it simplifies updates to all of your pipelines because if you want to change something in your GitLab CI/CD jobs, you just have to update this one component and it automatically becomes live for all the projects where this is used in. I just recently found out this super cool trick and I thought I just going to show it to you because it will make your CI/CD live in GitLab much more enjoyable. I mean if you're enjoying weird things like this at all. But either way, I think it is a super interesting project where you can learn a lot of cool stuff and valuable skills about IT automation in GitLab. So, let's check out CI/CD components. Before we do that though, I quickly want to show you another interesting component that I'm using for IT automation in my home lab called Kestra. Kra is a powerful and simplified workflow orchestrator that helps you to run automations for all of your favorite tools and APIs in one centralized platform. For example, you can use it to run scripting languages like Python, Node.js or PowerShell. It supports cloud providers and automation tools like Anible or Terraform. Even AI technologies and many many more. It has a declarative language where you can build more powerful workflows by using triggers, loops, and logical operations. It is super cool. Castra supports over 600 different plugins allowing you to build automated workflows with unlimited possibilities and visualizes this all in a realtime monitoring dashboard where you can drill into execution metrics, debug logs, timebased diagrams and so many more things. And the best is Castra has an open source version that you can just deploy using Docker, Kubernetes or any other tool in your home lab completely for free. I've already made a few video tutorials about Castra. So definitely check them out for a full deep dive. And if you're ready to use it in your company environment, then check out the Castra's Enterprise Edition that has many more practical features for professional environments. So just talk to them. They really have a good support. And of course, I'll link you the website and my video tutorials about Castra in the description box down below. So check it out. Okay guys, so let's get started with GitLab CI/CD components. I hope you've all watched the first video tutorial about GitLab CI/CD where I've covered all of the basics such as creating the GitLab CI.jml file stages and jobs. So if you're unfamiliar with how GitLab CI/CD works in general, it might be challenging to follow this one. So definitely check out the first video tutorial if you haven't it already. Of course, the link is also in the description. But now let's get started. And uh if we take a look at the official documentation about GitLab CI/CD components. So you can see that as I've told you this is a relatively new feature that was introduced to create a reusable single pipeline configuration unit which can be used as a smaller part of a larger pipeline and it can be configured with input parameters for a more dynamic behavior. So something like variables that you can define separately for each projects with a different value where you're using the component. These components are used in other GitLab CI pipelines by just using the include keyword. So this is similar to how you do it with GitLab CI templates if you know this. But um compared to templates, components have several advantages. So first of all, a component can be listed in the GitLab CI/CD catalog. So for example, if you check out the catalog of the public gitlab.com platform, for example, you can see all the components that other people have created and published to the catalog. And in case of a self-managed GitLab CI/CD platform, so for your home lab, you can also use this, but it is then of course just existing across your local GitLab environment. Now, the second advantage components have over templates is that you can release components with a specific version. So, whenever you're including CI/CD components in other pipeline jobs, you can always refer to a specific version tag and that gives you much better control over update management of the components. So, suppose you want to update your CI/CD component that does something in your pipeline. In that case, the project pipeline will still run with the version that was configured, which is excellent if you want to ensure that components update aren't breaking anything inside your critical project pipelines. But you can also use it to simplify your update procedure because you can also use the latest version tag in your include instructions, which means whenever you release a new version of the CI/CD component, it automatically updates to the latest version in all of the job project pipelines. And this is what I personally do in almost all of my projects because then I only need to make this one update to my CI/CD components to change something and I don't have to touch all the other 30 or 40 projects where I'm using this and that really saves a lot of time especially in a self-managed GitLab platform where you're working on multiple different projects. Okay, so this is how components work in general. And if you remember the GitLab CI/CD catalog that I just showed you, um, there I had one question regarding the self-managed GitLab platform. So, do I really have to write all of these components myself or could I also just import existing CI/CD components from the public catalog on gitlab.com to my self-managed platform? And unfortunately, this does not work, at least yet at the time of recording this video. might come as a new feature in the future, but uh for now this does not work. What I've done is I've written all of my CI/CD components myself. Actually, there are just three of them, but it was really a great learning experience and also the reason why I'm making this video to show you how the process works. Okay, so here you see myself manage GitLab platform. As you can see, some of these projects here have a tag called CI/CD catalog project. And let me walk you through the process how to create these components. First of all, you have to create a group in your self-managed GitLab platform that is called components. So just create a new group. It doesn't matter if this is a private or public or internal repository. Just make sure that you name it components and then if you have that group, you can jump in there and create new projects for all of your components. Uh by the way, I will show you all of these three components and how they work in a lot more detail. But first of all, let's go through some of the basics how to create such a component. And let's just create a new project in this group that I just going to call um tests. Yeah, I'm not very creative, but anyways. So, when you create a project, there's just one thing you need to do to enable um it in the CI/CD catalog. You just go to settings, go to general, and then you scroll down to visibility project features and permissions. Scroll all the way down to the bottom where you'll find a checkbox for CI/CD catalog project. Enabling this will make the project findable in the CI/CD catalog. Um, actually for self-managed platform, it might not be so important, but I think it's great because if uh we go back to my GitLab platform, here you will find on the left side the CI/CD catalog where you can see all of your components with a version tag. So that is the latest version that you have released and you can easily open the documentation readme file of these projects as well. All right. So let's return to our components uh group. There we have created our new project. Uh also make sure to give this a description. This is a requirement uh to release new versions of CI/CD components. If your project doesn't have a correct description, it will not work and you will run into some errors. Let's give it uh a description testing component. Whatever. It's not really that important. It just needs to be something in there. And then let's go back and clone this to my local device. And let's clone it here. CD into this. And also open it in VS Code. All right. So here we have our readme file. If we go back to the documentation, you also have some examples how to create a component with some instructions and requirements. So we can basically grab this template from the documentation. So uh this will go into a new directory that we're going to call templates. So all of the actions or the functions of your components have to go into this templates and then create a new template file for a specific function or action. For example, let's just add a test.jml file and start with this basic template from the documentation. The first sections is where you specify your input parameters. So these are the variables when you later use these components in your individual projects. You can define these variables and then refer to this in the actual job. So it's really simple to define these input parameters. Just put them under inputs with a specific name. For example, this is a variable that contain the stage of the job. And it also has a default value that is set to test. But we can also create other input parameters. For example, a a parameter that is called message. And you can also set a default value here. So then you don't need to change this input setting when you're using the pipeline. Otherwise uh if you don't have a default value, you definitely need to uh specify this variable later in the project pipeline. So here for example, we just say hello world. Uh let's do a very basic test and you can by the way also give it a description. So that goes into the documentation in the CI/CD catalog later. So then you can better describe what this input uh parameter is about. And then after these three dashes here, we have this second section where you define the actual job. So here you can give this job a name component job. And this really just works like any CI/CD job in GitLabs. And you can use the dollar sign with two brackets here to use the values from your input parameters later. So for example, here we have as the stage. I by the way like to put the scripts below the stage and uh yeah I like this to be the first thing here you can see this will uh have the stage whatever someone has put into the input parameter stage by default it is test so I think that's fine but um let's also do something with the message parameter for example if we want to um execute just a basic echo command and then just refer to our input uh message parameter let's just start simple and then I will later show you some much more useful examples. But yeah, okay. Um, I think this is everything that we need right now. Um, let's push this to GitLab. All right. So, what we now need to do is to make this a CI/CD component usable by other jobs. We need to publish a release for this. If you go back to the documentation, you can also find a great description of a GitLab CIAL file. So this is a CI/CD job that will automatically create a new release of the component from a tag that you create. So if you haven't used GitLab tags before, these are basically copies of your repository where you can save a specific point in time. For example, if you release a new version, you want to also have this as a separate tag. So you can refer back to this version later and just maintain a history of everything that you're doing and then from the tag automatically create a release. This is what this automation job is doing. So what we just need to do is we just need to go back to our repository at agitabci.jml file and just paste this from the documentation in there. So there's nothing else we need to adjust. This just works totally fine. Oh wait, there's one thing uh I actually need to do. Of course, we also need to define the stage release. So, okay. So, once we have created our release automation pipeline and we have created the basic logic of our component, we can create the first release. And um the way how you do this again, we just need to create a tag and then automation pipeline is doing everything else that we need. So uh if you are happy with everything that you created here and you just want to test it, you can create a new tag here in the UI or of course you can do it in CLI or automated. It doesn't really matter. It's up to you. So let's create a new tag. And uh what I also like to do all the time is I like to create a version number for every tag. So for example, let's just name it version 1.00. It's the first release version that we are creating and create the tag. So now that we've done that, if our automation pipeline has been created successfully, we should see a new uh job that is currently running creating a release from the tag with the name 1.00 because we have used that in the tag name. So everything is fine. And if we go to deploy releases, here's our release 1.00 and it has the tag CI/CD catalog. So this makes sure that we've done everything correctly. And if we go to this CI/CD catalog and here you can also see the summary of all of the input parameters. This is what I've explained um earlier that if you give it a description, it will show up here and it makes it much easier for someone to use your component because it has the default value. It has a description. It has input parameters all defined. So everybody knows how to use this component. And here you can also find the include statement. So this is a a simple instruction that you just have to put in your actual project pipelines. So yeah um now that we have our test CI/CD component actually it's not doing anything useful but hey it just works as a hello world example. So let's create a new project where we use this component. So we just grab this here our include instruction. We're going to need that later. And let's go into project. I'm just going to create a new project here for my personal GitLab account. I'm just going to call this CI/CD tests. I don't know. Let's call it free. I'm pretty sure I've created a bunch of others before. So, let's create this. Nothing really special to explain. Of course, I'm also going to clone this to my local device. This is where we define our pipelines. And usually, you would start by creating the stages. That's fine. Let's create the stage test. And now we would have to create our automation logic. So start with a job one stage script blah blah blah. But wait, we don't need to do this anymore because we can just use the include statement and just use the logic that we've already defined in the component. So just put it here. Include component. That's fine. And now we might want to adjust the message and change this from hello world to something else. Right? So let's go back to our include statements and define the message parameter and set this to hello from CIC CD test free. And this is how you modify things like this message in your component for all of the other jobs. So in any other jobs you can change the input parameter and use the different value. Okay. So, let's test if this works. I'm really excited if it's going to be successful at the first try. So, that would be a surprise. And let's go back to our actual project pipeline because there we should see a new job. The name component job still comes from this year from the um component uh template. By the way, you can also modify this. Define an input parameter for the name of the component job. So then you can give each job individual names in your project pipelines by still using the same logic from the component. That's also pretty cool. But here I'm fine with this here. So let's go into the log. So here we should see the message. And there it is. Hello from CI/CD test free. And there you can see the message. Okay. So the is a very simple example. Well, I will show you one more thing. Uh that might be pretty uh important. So first of all, one thing that I'm going to change in the project CI/CD test 3 is here. can see the pint version tag 1.00. If I would update the component and make any changes, this would not be applied in the pipeline right now because it's still using the older version. But you can use the word latest here and then see how this is updated. So let's for example go back to our component and release a new version 1.01 for example with a simple change. Of course you can change the entire logic of everything if you need but again very basic test. So um change message this is always the process how we release a new version. You push the changes into the main branch. Then we go back to our CI/CD components here. And then we create a new tag from the latest changes that we've pushed with the name 1.01 for example. Uh updated message. Of course we should give a description here. uh you should see the build job will automatically run a new release version for this component. So once this is finished and I just give it a few seconds, if we return back to our CI/CD catalog, you should see the version number has been updated to 1.01, but of course you could also refer to all of the other versions and tags in the history if you like. Okay, so let's go back to our CIA test free. Um, if we want to now run the job with the updated version because we've changed it to the latest tag. So, we can just invoke a new run by changing one of the files and make a push to this. For example, make a simple change in the readme file. I think that's fine. And let's push this change to GitLab. So now in the project pipelines, if we go back to the jobs, you should see that this is running a new job of the component. And if we go into the lock, we should see the updated message without us having to make any change on the project repository by just updating the component. And here you can see this is the change that we've just done. And this is pretty cool. This is how you can really update the logic of just one component and have this updated across all of your pipelines where this is used. if you're using the latest version of your component in your other project pipelines. So this is how it basically works and you can extend this practice to do anything you want depending on what technologies you're using in your specific environment and how you want to create these scripts and components and what you do with them is basically up to you. But I still uh would like to show you some examples that I've created for my home lab and how I'm using this in my environment. Maybe as an inspiration how you could uh do this for yourself. And of course, you will also find all of these templates of the components that I've created for my home lab on my public GitHub repository, boiler plates. So just go to my GitHub profile. You will find it in the description of this video down below under my docs. And this will take you to this repo where you will find all of the uh docker compos projects. And I will also add another folder later called actions gitlab where I update some of the templates for the components. And there you will find it later. And then you can basically just copy paste it to your self-managed GitLab instance or whatever you want to do with it, adjust it, customize it. So feel free to do anything with this that might be useful. So let's go to my CI/CD catalog here. And um I first of all I want to show you my Terraform component that I've written. Again, I'm not a professional software developer. I might have done something wrong and might not have used the best practices to do it, but it actually works fine for my environment. So hey, here's how I've done it. I've basically created two templates here. So two functions. the validate function that will just run on every push to the main branch or on every pull request. So whenever I want to implement a new change in my infrastructure, I first of all want to just test if the file is correct before actually applying it. So therefore I just when I create a merge request or pull request, it will run this validate pipeline and whenever this is pushed into the main branch, it will run the apply pipeline. the validate pipeline as well, but this is not necessary. This is the actual pipeline that does apply all the changes on my infrastructure. I've used a few input parameters here such as the uh name for the job. Yeah, the stage just we've done in our example and then the root directory. So this is a directory where the terraform or in my case the open to project is located in the project repository under / terapform. So all of my terraform files in each of my projects usually are located in this directory. But whenever I'm writing a new uh project where this is located in the different directory, I could update or change this by using the roots directory input parameter. And the same is also true for the state name. Here for example, you can see how I'm using these components. Here is the directory terraform. And there's currently a provider um configuration that I've set for DNS name. So maybe let's just test this component u by adding a new DNS record to this. I will just grab one template from my actual production project here and modify it a little. So maybe test uh DNS one. Yeah, I think that's fine. Uh test DNS test DNS1 and just set this to the IP address of the Google's DNS server. So if I make this change to my project, um because I've defined or included the Terraform component and we're making this push to main, it should automatically run the apply drop and make this change active on my DNS server. And then we need to go back to my CITC test project here. Let's go into pipelines. It first validates the terraform file. This is the first function of my component. And the second component apply tar from file that's currently pending. Let's refresh it. Oh, there it is running. And let's go into the logs and see if everything works hopefully. And yeah, so here we are. Um, the apply job was complete. You can see here this basically just applied the changes that we've made to the Terraform files here to the project. And let me actually also go into the component and show you uh the code of the component. This is uh this is again what you will find on my GitHub templates here. These are the input parameters that you've also seen in the documentation and how I've created them. Um I've also defined some variables. This is necessary for my um Terraform backend file. I'm managing this in GitLab by the way. I've also done a separate video about this. So check it out if you like. And here is the actual job logic. You can see this uses a container image from the open TOEFL project. This is the open TOEFL container that already includes all of the necessary tools for open TOEFL. And then it first goes into the Terraform rule directory here. So that by the way comes from uh if we go up here from the variables that is an environment variable that is automatically set by the input parameters here. Then if we go into this script, you can see I'm echoing some lock lines on the yeah terraform CI/CD pipeline lock. I don't know if that's necessary, but sometimes it is useful to see what is happening here and at which point it might fail and so on. So this runs the TOEFL init command, initializes a project with a backend configuration on myself host GitLab instance first validates the project. Actually, this is not really necessary because I've validated it before in the other job here. But anyways, I'm still leaving it there. I think that's fine. Then it runs the tofu plan command. So it first plans what changes have to be applied on the infrastructure, outputs this into a file, and then applies this automatically on the infrastructure with an auto approve and a lock false because um I know this was actually not really that great, but I ran into some problems where this lock faults wasn't really set. So I needed this for whatever reason. And as you can also see here in the component logic, you can also predefine the rules. Yeah, of course, you can also put input parameters in here if you want to change it. So here you can see this automatically runs the component job if it's included in a project but only when there is a commit to the main branch and if there is a actual change in the Terraform's root directory. So this logic I have created because when I have a large project that includes many other components, I only want to run this pipeline when there is an actual change to the files in the Terraform directory. So therefore I've added this if else statement here. And yeah, the same logic I'm also following for my other components. Let me show you another example. I hope you're up for some some others. If I already lost you, I'm sorry, but might be interesting for some of you guys. So let's go into my docker uh components. So here I've created three separate functions. The first function is the test. So this basically runs a linting command. So here you can see it uses the docker image which already comes with docker cli commands and everything. And it then runs a docker compose config quiet. So which is basically just testing the compose configuration. Is everything is all right? And if it runs into an error, I would see this in the pipeline. The next function deploy is also pretty useful. So this will deploy a docker compos file from my GitLab repository to one of my remote servers, which is really great for automating my entire update procedures. So here you can see I've created a bunch of different input parameters that I just needed for the root directory, the project file in the repository, the remote host, the user, the SSH key. So for the remote server where I want to copy this file to in which directory I want to copy it and also for the docker hub because again docker changed its um pulling limitations and stuff. So that's why I'm also using this here. First of all log into docker and then pulling down the latest version of the image. So what this is basically doing is and I want to just simply summarize it. You can drill into all of the details if you want. The way how I'm using this component is pretty cool. If we go back to the uh CI/CD test project for example here in this project I have a docker compos file for a simple engineext server and in the CI/CD pipeline if we go here I have created or included two functions of this and here in the input parameters you can see I want to deploy this to my production server with my user my SSH keys and the compos file that you find in the root directory deployments test one and this by the way only runs when I make changes to this file because in the components I also added the rules. Um here you can see only if this is a push to the main branch and it changes in the root directory only the docker compos project file then it will publish the update and restart the container on my remote server. So um I will just demonstrate how this works and I hope it works the first try. It should work because uh for all my other projects is working this way. So here you can see these are all of my production projects and I want to deploy this project here. Deploy test one test one to this server. It is not existing here. So usually I would have to copy this file, start up the container and whenever I make an update do the same thing. When I want to push this and this of course only runs if I make a change here. For example, let's just hit an enter. That's a simple change in the file. That's that's enough. Um deploy to production. Let's let's uh commit this and then it should run the component because I've included it here as a deploy function and let's go to my GitLab CICD pipelines job. You should see ah there it is. So there's the deploy job running. First of all, it tests the files. So it does a config quiet. If there is an error in the file, if I would have done something wrong, it will stop at this point and not deploy it to the server. Um then we go back to the deploy to production job. So let's go in here and yep this was also successful. Here you can see the lock. Let's go to my production server there. I can show you test one. This is the project that is existing and the engineext server is currently running on my server. And this is how I deploy all of my other projects automatically using GitLab CCD pipelines. But now by using these new components and I don't have to define all of this job logic in the project pipelines I can just copy these component includes copy to the projects uh put it in the right directories put in the input parameters and then I'm fine. So this is really simplifying a lot for me and I'm also working on another component that will automatically run an anible playbook whenever there's a change in this. For example, here this is currently just gathering some facts from my servers. But when I make a change in here, um, this also should run the anible component job. I'm not going to go through this in detail. Don't worry, we were almost done. So here, let's go back to pipelines. Hopefully this is correct. I'm still working on this, but last test was successful at least. So let's go into this uh lock here. This is using a different logic here. You can see I haven't really found a great Ansible container image where the Anible CLI tools are installed. So I just thought I'm going to use in the component. Let's let's uh go into the Ansible component. So here in the components what I've done is I've just used an Alpine Docker image. It's really a small efficient image. Here you can see I'm installing Open SSH client and Ansible core into this uh temporary container. And then I'm just executing Ansible playbook with the inventory file with a project file. That's the entire component logic. So not really complicated. But this is also how I can automate anible playbooks that should automatically run whenever they are changing in a git repository. But yeah, that's how I implemented it. All right. So I think that's enough for today. That's basically how I'm using GitLab CCD components and everything you probably have to know about it. Please let me know what do you think about the templates that I've created. Of course, maybe I've done the one or another thing wrong. You can probably tell me. Yes, Kristoff, I'm looking at you. Yeah. So, you probably will tell me when I've done something wrong. But hey, I appreciate it. I'm open for all constructive feedback. And if you have other use cases or other ideas how we could use components, we might also create others and share it in our community. I think that would be really great. So, let me know in the comments your thoughts. Um, if you found this helpful, please consider supporting me on YouTube or on Patreon if you like. Thanks to all the people already doing this. You guys are really amazing. It's a huge help for creating these videos. And as always, thank you so much for watching. I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Tech project management and documentation in Notion ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D93lUj5Mj0U

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today I'm going to show you how I organize all of my tech projects and documentation for my home lab. This is super important to me because as you might have seen in my last home lab tour, I'm working on so many different things using various technologies and without keeping track of everything, I would be completely lost. Let's be honest. And I thought I can't be the one and only guy struggling with this, keeping an overview of my tech projects and documentations. So, I made this video to show you all of my tricks for taking technical notes and my brand new task tracking system with a timeline in Canon board, which helps me to plan everything much better and work more efficiently. I just have to warn you, some of it might be a bit overkill for a smaller home lab, but I can just tell you from my own experience, to me, it has been really helpful. And trust me guys, if you can apply some of these tricks to manage projects in your tech company's infrastructure, every product manager will be jealous about it. Before we jump right into it and I show you my system, I quickly want to thank Notion for sponsoring this video. Notion is my platform of choice for tech documentation and project management because it has all of the features that I need. And real quickly, let me give you some tips if you're entirely new to Notion. First of all, you should check out the official website, notion.com, and sign up with an account. Don't worry, they even have a free plan that includes almost all of the important features that you need to manage home projects and taking notes. It even allows you to invite 10 guests to your account and retain a 7 days page history only if you need some advanced features like unlimited blocks for teams or file uploads, a longer page history or synchronized databases with third party apps which by the way is a super useful feature for managing GitHub issues and PRs in notion or if you need custom automations, charts, dashboards or notion AI then you have to upgrade it. So there are really some useful features for notion power users. But just to let you know, the free plan might already be enough for many many people. So just try it out. It's really a great package in my opinion. And also to get up to speed quickly, you should also take a look at some of the notion templates. They have a large collection for various types of use cases where you can learn some of the basic functionalities and elements of this tool. So yeah, just take a look. I don't want to spend too much time talking about the basic features because I'm sure we all know how to use note takingaking tools, right? Instead, I'd like to show you my notion space and give you some insights into how exactly I'm using it for managing my home lab projects and my knowledge base or technical documentation. So, here in my notion space, I've organized everything in pages and databases. Databases, by the way, are in my opinion the most impressive and useful feature in notion. So here on the left sidebar you can see my main structure beginning with notes which I use for writing down my private stuff or keeping track of my workflows and meetings I attend or storing templates. Then we have one section where I manage my YouTube videos and tasks that I have by the way explained a little in my previous notion video. So if you're interested in that, I link you the first video in the description box down below. So then we have my home lab section. We will go into it in a second. I've split this into three subpages or sections. Documentation, project management, and task tracking. So, these are most of the things that I do with notion. And the last but not least, there's also a GitHub section where I manage some of my public projects in notion. Like this is mainly for synchronizing all of the issues, the pull requests from my boiler plates and cheat sheets repositories. By the way, if you don't know about these repos, you should also check them out on GitHub. there. I'm providing free configuration templates and resources for tech pros and home lab nerds like us so you can easily use it to deploy new applications or automations in your home lab. So yeah, that's mainly everything you have to know about the main structure. Let's jump straight into my home lab section where I can show you some really cool stuff here. So I've customized this page with a nice icon and a banner which is actually a picture I've taken of one of my home lab server. It's It's already a bit old, but I think it still looks pretty nice. And on this page, again, we have the three main sections I talked about earlier. The first one, HomeLab docs, is actually a subpage where I document some general stuff about my home lab. For example, you can see there are two excalor diagrams of my network architecture and another one of my server rack which provides me a great overview of the main infrastructure so that I know where all of my devices and resources are located and how they are related to each other. Nothing special here. I'd say just one thing about the excellings. This is a tool where I create almost all of my diagrams and graphics. This is a great feature in notion. You can embed many different types of documents including Google Drive links, PDFs or many other thirdparty programs just like Excalibraw. And whenever these files update, it automatically also updates in notion as well. So this is really nice to integrate Notion into other tools that you love using. Down below, I'm also keeping notes of my IP address management and I write down all of my network zones and IP ranges in my HomeLap network. Some of you might think it is a little too much to write down all of the IP addresses of any device that you're deploying. But I can just tell you from my own experience. Whenever I've worked with any kind of computer network, not just in my home lab, also when I was working as an IT service technician, this is one of the most important things to keep track of, especially in larger infrastructures with many different network segments because IP addresses, they don't frequently change, but any IP conflict can cause huge problems in a computer network. Trust me, I know what I'm talking about. I've gone through this a couple of times. So you definitely you want to make sure that you're not assigning the same IP address to multiple devices in your network. That's by the way one reason why I also differentiate between a static IP range and DHCP ranges. Maybe at someday I need to make a separate video about network planning or management. I'm not going too deep into this today. But anyways, for these type of simple notes, I mostly use the integrated tables feature in notion, which allows you to create new rows and columns in between, move things around quickly, and some of this stuff. So, it does not have as many features at you might know it from something like Excel, but it is definitely enough for these simple things where you just need to write down IP addresses or in other areas of my documentation, I also use it to write down deployments or virtual machine resources. This is where notion tables are really great. But if you want to do some more complex tracking of items with for example different cell formattings or uh visualizing different things or filtering then I would suggest using notion databases instead. So let's return to my main home lab page where you can see these two databases. By the way, you can create databases in notion as an inline database just as you see here or you create them as separate subpages. I personally prefer using inline databases slightly more because it allows you to place multiple databases on a single page which is not possible with full sub databases in my home page. The first database is a comprehensive list of all the projects that I'm currently working on or what I have previously worked on in my home lab sack. I've decided that every technology is its own project which you could of course also do in a different or simpler way. However, I thought uh having a separate project for each technology that allows me to better structure all of my nodes is since each of these technologies have multiple deployments, resources or tasks that I want to track. So, it just made sense for me to differentiate all of these technologies as separate projects. But yeah, feel free to build your own way of organizing things. Notion databases offer you many capabilities to build a structure that fits your style and requirements. For example, this project board here is just the main view of the database that I prefer as a layout. It is actually a gallery using small cards without a preview because I like this quick overview here with the different cards uh where I can just click on something and jump straight into these projects. However, I've also created different types of use um such as the project list here which reveals some additional details or um elements of these items in the database such as a description that I try to keep track for every project or the status or also the link to my self-hosted git repository for this project because I usually also create a separate git repository on my self-hosted GitLab platform for each of these projects. Again, just build it the way you like. Uh, Notion offers many different types of fields like text fields, numbers, selections, date, time, but also some cool AI autofilled fields or relations to other databases. And by the way, you can create as many views for these databases as you want. So, with different layouts depending on what type of visualization makes the most sense here. Furthermore, you can also apply different sorts of filtering, groupings, sortings, and even automations to create a highly customized experience that fits perfectly your project management structure or whatever you want to use notion databases for. I absolutely love this for storing my home projects. And what is even better, you can use this notion database to store additional information about these projects because every item in a database can have its own page and subpages as well. Let's have a look at one of these projects. For example, let's go into GitLab, which is definitely one of my largest projects uh I'm working on in my home lab where I took many notes because GitLab can get pretty complex from time to time. And if you've seen some of my GitLab tutorials, you definitely know what I'm talking about. So here, for example, you can see I'm writing down everything that is related to this GitLab project. Usually I'm starting always with a quick description of what this project is about followed by deployments which in my case usually are Docker compos deployments or Kubernetes charts or manifests. I always do this when I deploy a technology in my home lab stack because I have many different virtual machines, clusters and other devices. And uh when I quickly want to know for each projects where exactly I have deployed what I can just take a look at this notion database and I know exactly where everything is. For instance, when we quickly switch to my traffic project um you can see that I have deployed multiple traffic instances or you can see a similar documentation for the twin gate project. This really helps me to have a good overview of everything and the related resources. And for some of these projects, I also take additional notes. So the first section of the project page is usually for keeping a list of all the deployed resources and references. And the second section is for my notes and knowledge base. I can't emphasize this enough. A good knowledge base or documentation about all the projects that you're doing is so freaking important in it. Every professional should build something like this because sometimes you just have to write down these things and keep track of configuration settings or code snippets, links to relevant articles or documentations that you might need in the future again. And Notion has some great elements and functions for taking technical notes such as code blocks with syntax highlighting or these small call out boxes that you can use to highlight certain elements, things that you need to be aware of. And you can also, by the way, use the markdown syntax um just like you know it from other tools like VS Code to quickly format text into headings, tables, code blocks, and checklists, for example. Also pretty useful. And another great tip that I can give you, whenever you're writing down notes or documentation, you should also always use a proper heading structure because when you move your mouse to the right sidebar, Notion displays an outline of the page where you can quickly jump into the section that you're looking for. And of course, you can better find all these things when you use meaningful names and a structure. It's similar to using variables or descriptions in programming. Don't worry, I think you don't have to do this for all of the projects in the same detail. So sometimes it's just enough to add a simple link to relevant places in the documentation. So just don't try to copy the official documentation. That really doesn't make any sense. But it's useful to just write down things that you believe might be useful for you to remember in future projects. And of course, you also like better understanding stuff when you're doing researching and from time to time of writing some quick notes or bullet points about the stuff that you're learning. When you do this regularly, you also have a great advantage when you're researching new technical topics because the latest release of Notion AI added a brand new research function, which is amazing for creating new and polished Notion documents. Because Notion AI has access to all of your databases and pages, plus the web search. And of course, the more stuff you're documenting about your home lab and projects, the more intelligent and useful the AI answers become. For example, here I'm using the new research mode in notion AI to generate a full documentation report for my current home lab, which includes many details about the hardware and networking setup, software architecture, maintenance, security measures, and anything else that I've written down, which by the way, Notion AI completely figure out on its own what is important and what not. And the cool thing is that because I'm also planning my YouTube videos in a notion database, the notion AI had also access to all of the YouTube video scripts and combining this with my home lab documentation from the database that really generated a comprehensive and correct report of everything that I have currently deployed and that is important in my home lab. It's really impressive. However, you have to keep in mind that this research mode can also take quite a long time uh because it indexes many different sources and it's using a reasoning model to create a plan and it also iterates through this planning process a couple of times. So in my case, it took about 5 to 6 minutes to generate this report. But just imagine you would have to read through all of the pages and databases yourself to generate such a report. It literally saves you hours of time which makes the research mode of notion AI in my opinion the most practical feature for us technical people. But of course notion AI also has other cool features like you can ask it anything about your notion content in databases or pages. And this response is by the way super fast. And you could also use some of the external AI models like GBD or claude for researching and asking questions. I bet you all know how to work with AI in general, right? But also, if you're attending to technical meetings, notion AI has also a nice feature that summarizes everything that was discussed in these meetings called AI meeting notes. And yeah, these are all of the reasons why I personally love to use Notion for my technical project documentation and management and why I'm always taking so many notes on all these projects because then I can later use Notion AI to better research new topics and find the information that I'm looking for. Maybe I'm a little crazy and sometimes I probably go a bit too far. I have to admit it. However, um I've always realized that over time by adding more and more projects to my home lab, it really has become more and more complex for me. And to avoid getting overwhelmed by all the complexity or losing focus on things that I want to work on, I even had to extend this system and add another database to track and plan my activities because technical documentation is one thing, but planning actions and project management is the other. And I will shortly explain why I built this type of complex system for me. Because whenever I have to do things like updating stuff, migrating stuff or fixing issues, the first thing that I tried is to um add a simple checklist on all these individual project pages in the notion database. But the problem with that was that when you try to maintain multiple checklists across different subpages, you totally forget about them because you don't have a good all-in-one overview of all the checklists at one place. You always have to go into each of these subpages and then you just can't really plan any tasks across multiple projects. So therefore, I came up with a different solution. I thought it would be a good idea to extend my first HomeLab project database with a second database where I just track all of the actions and tasks that I'm working on. For this, I'm using another super cool feature in Notion because it allows you to add a relation field to connect items across multiple Notion databases. In my case, each item in the task database below is assigned to a single project. And I always create a new task for any action. uh where I need to write down notes or where I need to plan this in the future such as migrations, enhancements to existing deployments or resources, bugs that I notice or evaluations of new technologies I want to take a look at for making new videos of course and I always prioritize them as high, medium or low items depending on how important these things are to me. Of course, I have also created multiple views for this task database to get a better overview of everything in a list that is grouped by priorities or what I absolutely love to use is a canban board. Yeah, this is my most favorite type of visualization because it allows you to have different cards of these task items and you can put them in different buckets for example based on the status level. That's highly common uh by the way in software development or project management in general. And in my opinion, it's a great way to plan tasks and also practicing uh if you're using that type of system in your main job such as the job where I'm working like everything is uh documented in Jira and using a similar system for my hoblap helps me to adapt this type of workflow. What I also just recently started using in notion is the task timeline. This is similar to a GAN diagram. And yeah, I know guys, this is far too much for a one-man project. Usually you use this in smaller development teams and so on. But believe me guys, if you're working on so many different things in parallel like I still have my main job where I also need to keep track of tasks and plan projects. Then I have my YouTube videos and my home lab as well. So I just get lost when I don't plan my activities and things ahead of time because I usually cannot simply just start migrating something or uh evaluate a new technology. I always have to juggle between all the different things in my life and put things aside for a few days or weeks. And that's why I'm using this system to really write down all of the stuff that I cannot keep in my brain to work on these things later and really carefully plan my time so that I don't get overwhelmed by all of this stuff that I have to do. And what is also super useful in these timelines or Gant diagram is that you can keep track of dependencies and relationships between the task. I just give you an example. I'm currently working on this project for creating and deploying my new website with CI/CD which is related to the Hugo static website builder project that I'm also making a video of course but that task has a few other dependencies that I need to take care of. For example, I first of all have to complete writing my CI/CD pipelines in uh GitLab, which is necessary to host the website. And of course, the website deployment I can only do if I've created the main structure for the website beforehand. So that's why these tasks have blockers and are blocked by other elements. Or I also have another example where I needed to migrate some of my applications from the uh Raspberry Pi Kubernetes cluster because honestly guys I just want to get rid of this thing and move the workloads over to some virtual machines on Proxmox. But I first of all have to create the servers. I have to install them. I have to deploy Kubernetes and then I have to migrate the applications move the monitoring and then also check if everything works. So I just try to make a list of all the different tasks that are assigned to separate projects and manage dependencies. So whenever I have some time at weekend to start working on this, I can just go through my checklist. And the timeline has been super helpful to do these things. The more complex your infrastructure becomes, the more you have to be aware of these little details that can get you in trouble. And that's why I'm using Notion and this project management system that I've built to make it as efficient and easy as possible for me. Of course, I still want to get some stuff done. Yeah, I don't want to spend too much time managing all of these projects. So that's why I'm also using a few automations in notion such as this create task button here. So whenever I want to create a new task for a project, I just go to the first database, go into the project page and click that button that will automatically run an automation pipeline in notion to create a related item in the second task database to this project. Opens it and I can immediately start working on this and that's really saving a lot of time that you usually would have to spend working on a project management tool. And that's not really what we want. We just want to get stuff done in it, right? By the way, when we were talking about automation and efficiency, Notion has also recently released another super interesting feature called web hooks. So, no, it is not just possible to trigger automations to notion elements like creating pages and subpages. You can also send a web hook to a third party system, maybe a GitLab automation pipeline, which can do many other things in your infrastructure. I have to admit I haven't used it yet for my system because currently my system is working fine as it is. Maybe at someday I can think of use case where to use this web hook feature. Could be really interesting. But yeah guys, so this is basically how I manage all of my tech projects and documentation in notion. Again, I could talk another 20 30 minutes about all the different features or go into other details, but I think it is enough for today. I hope it was already a bit helpful and you could take away the one or another cool trick that you want to add to your project management systems. Please tell me in the comments what you liked the most. Or if you didn't like it at all, then you can also tell me, of course. And as always, thank you so much for watching, guys. A huge thanks goes to all of the YouTube members and supporters of my channel. And I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Excalidraw, my favorite whiteboard / tech diagram app ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gv9MezPAchI

Hey guys, it's Christian and today I'm going to show you my absolute favorite whiteboard app, Xkelly Draw. Because under nearly every video that I publish on YouTube, somebody asks what tool I'm using to create these handdrawn style visualizations. So, I thought, why not make a quick video about it and show you some tips and tricks to create stunning hand-drawn style graphics, quickly visualize ideas, or even create technical diagrams and presentations. The cool thing is you don't even need a tablet. You don't even need a pen. This works entirely from any Oh, sorry, iPad. This works entirely from any device since it is a simple web application and the best it's free and open source. You can run Excal on your local device, but it is also integrated in many other tools. For example, there is a VS code extension available which is great for creating architecture diagrams or flowcharts in your code projects. But you can also use it in note-taking and project management tools like Obsidian and Notion or just visit excellraw.com and use it directly in your browser. I love that excal has so many possibilities to run it. So that's why it is definitely one of my absolute favorite tools. So let's check it out together. Before we do that though, I quickly want to show you another productivity tool that I recently discovered called AIFlow, which is designed for busy professionals like us. And thanks Ailiflow for sponsoring this one. Ailiflow simplifies your project and time management by combining time blocking and integrations into one intuitive platform. You can organize your entire schedule and boost your productivity by just dragging and dropping tasks directly into your calendar. For example, I'm currently using this to plan my day whenever I'm working on tech projects or making YouTube videos to keep track of all the important things I have to do. But what I personally like the most about Echilow is that you can seamlessly integrate it into all your favorite tools such as Gmail, Slack, To-Doist, Notion, and many more. And it consolidates all your tasks from these multiple platforms into one centralized location for easy management. This is really great for somebody like me who's working on many different types of projects at the same time. What's also pretty cool in Echlow, it has an AI co-pilot that learns your habits and helps you auto assign tasks to save time. And it is very flexible. You can customize many things or add morning rituals. For example, I just take a few minutes every single day to organize all the tasks that I want to work on. So, if you would like to boost your productivity and organize your tasks and projects, then check out Echiflow. It is a great tool. Of course, I leave you a link to it in the description box down below. All right, guys. So, now let's get back to Excal and start creating some cool drawings. We'll start with the basics and just use the free version on excalraw.com. And yeah, don't worry before your eyes are taking too much damage. Let me quickly disable the light mode and enable dark mode. So, here in the top left corner, you have some general settings. Here you can switch the theme to system or dark. So, that makes it a lot better. And then let's just explore the top bar in Excali Draw where you can pick some drawing tools. So in general, Excaliraw is super intuitive and straightforward. So I think I don't need to walk you through all of the tools in too much detail. I bet you all have used something like paint before. So think of Excal like Paint but with superpowers. For example, one thing that I really like about Excal is that it has shortcuts nearly everywhere. So you might have noticed these small numbers under the drawing tools on the top bar. So these are all shortcuts. So when you type in the numbers on your keyboard, they automatically select the tool. And this is how you can quickly switch between them just like you would expect when you just place some objects like rectangles or circles on the whiteboard. You can type in text captions that are automatically centered within the object, which is really great for creating simple flow or architecture diagrams. It's also pretty nice when you're drawing an element and you use arrows to point to it or from it, they automatically snap to this object. So when you move them around later, the arrows also move accordingly as you might know it from other diagram tools like Visio or Draw IO. Of course, you can also use the pen tool to draw arrows or draw objects freely, which is great when you use Excal on your tablet and draw physically with a pen. But I personally don't like this so much because uh if you draw freely, you can't really change the path afterwards. So you can resize the generated objects, but you can't change the arrow direction or something like that. And that's why I mostly use the basic Excaliraw tools like rectangles, arrows, and lines for my drawings because I absolutely love this handdrawn style look of a whiteboard, but I can also easily resize or change these elements later. You cannot do this with a real hand-drawn graphic. Here, for example, you can see some of my creations which I've used in previous videos. So, I'm a little proud of them to be honest, but of course, I'm not a super talented graphic designer. But, uh, as you can see, Excal makes it super easy to create these stunning graphics and quick visualizations. Even if you're a paint or graphic noob, you can certainly get these results. to make particular objects stand out or highlight certain elements in the drawing. You can change many other settings on the left sidebar that automatically appears when you select one or more objects. So here you can also change the stroke or the background colors, the stroke width, style, sloppiness, opacity or whether the edges are round or not. And uh when you choose the color palettes, you can also see um there are even shortcuts for all of these different colors, which makes Excaliraw super quick and straightforward to use. Another practical feature I bet not so many people know about is the align multiple objects. So for example, if you draw a few different objects like rectangles or icons you just want to center, you can select them all and then use the alignment tools to center them horizontally or vertically. Or you can move them to left, you can move them to right, up or down. And of course, if you have multiple objects on different layers, you could also move them to the front or put them to the back. By the way, you could also group elements pretty easily in Excel Draw or use this super practical frame tool that lets you create resizable and movable frames that can contain multiple ungrouped or grouped elements as well. So this is really nice for creating separate pages or you can organize different drawings in slides or something like that. I know if you have ever used other graphic tools before you will know these things already. Yeah, but I thought it might be worth just going through some of the basics and also Excalibur has many unique features like the Excaliraw library. So you will find this on the top right corner on excalator.com and this opens up a new sidebar where you can browse the excalor library to add other handdrawn icons to your whiteboard. This is a directory of public libraries that other people in the community have created before. You can sort them by new, updated or total downloads. And here you can often find some nice architecture diagrams or components of software development stuff like these cloud uh service icons, Docker and other technologies. But I have to admit uh I personally don't like this excalador library at least as it is today uh because it is really hard to find uh what you need since many people they don't share large sets of graphics and they don't really maintain them well and there is no global directory where you can easily search for something specific that you want to use. So sometimes you can get lucky. For example, when you're searching for a Docker icon here, um that is pretty popular. So many people have already created an icon for it. But if you need something less prominent, finding something good is nearly impossible. So what I instead like to do more than using the Excal library is that I just download PNG files for icons with a transparent background that I mostly find on other icon libraries out there. Yeah. So you can easily drag and drop any image onto the Excalor whiteboard. For example, I've downloaded many Vandor and technology icons onto my local discs. So if I ever need a Docker icon for my drawings or something else, I can just grab it from there and upload it to Excali Draw by drag and drop. This makes the document sometimes a bit slower to load. And what is also a bit strange, sometimes these icons change the colors a bit, especially when you're using dark mode. But I think it is still much better than using the Excalador library in my opinion. So once you are happy with your Excalor whiteboard, you can save it of course as a Excal file to your local disk which contains all of the information to change the objects later. You can also share this as a readonly link with other people or you can export it to Excaliraw Plus but more about that in a few minutes. When you don't want to change these objects in your drawings later, you just want to embed your drawings into some other tool or website for example, then you can also export it as a PNG or SVG file. And furthermore, Excaliraw has also a nice live collaboration function which is amazing if you want to work with other people or team members on one whiteboard to brainstorm ideas or visualize something. So then you can just create a new session and invite others to your Excalor project via a personalized link. Excalor says that these sessions are end to end encrypted and entirely private. So not even the server can see what you're drawing. And this is excellent for privacy. And what is also great for presenting uh your whiteboards to others is the laser pointer feature. I really love this. You can find this at the last icon in the top bar. So I often use it to highlight certain elements when I'm explaining a more complex diagram that has many different objects because Excel unfortunately doesn't have something like an animation feature like you might know it from PowerPoint. That's why I often use the laser pointer feature in my video tutorials to show something. So yeah, you can see Excal has some pretty cool features. Uh, by the way, they also recently added some new stuff to it that I quickly want to address because they added some AI features to excel.com because it seems like every tool nowadays has to have at least one new AI powered feature no matter if it's useful or not. So, with the text to diagram feature, you can describe the drawing you want the AI to create in natural language. Sometimes it generates some useful stuff, but honestly, I'm not a big fan of this. Yeah, I'm also not too excited about the other AI feature, wireframe to code. This tries to create some HTML code from your drawings, which again in some cases might be useful, but mostly it is just some generic HTML stuff that needs a lot of manual rework afterwards. So, I really can't see the real use case of these two AI features. Honestly, I think the Excal team should invest their time into creating more practical features for the drawing functionalities. Yeah, for example, um to improve the library icons or to add features that are already on the road map of Excalibur plus like self-hosting. Why is this in the backlog? Yeah, it would be in my personal ranking top one priority or I would also love to see an animation feature for the presentation mode. Um, by the way, um, this also brings me to the other topic that I quickly want to talk about before wrapping up, excellently we just reviewed the basic features of the free and open source version you can uh, just access on excell.com. But the team or the company behind Excal also introduced a new cloud service that uses features of the free and open source version but extends it with other capabilities. So as an Excel draw plus user for example, you can get cloud storage to easily manage and save your drawings and also organize them into collections. You can also invite other team members to work more collaboratively on these project. And it also has a comment function which is great uh when you want other people to review your diagrams or drawings. And the most useful feature in Excal Plus, at least in my opinion, and this is uh by the way the main reason why I'm using it, is that it has a presentation mode, which is similar to PowerPoint. And this is really great for my YouTube tutorials whenever you want to record or explain something and organize the drawings in separate slides. This is all located in the right sidebar in Excel Draw Plus under the presentation tab. So here you can create a new slide which works in a similar way like the frame tool in the open source version of Excalibraw but it also adds this new presentation mode to the slide. So when you click on start presentation this automatically goes full screen and that you can navigate through the slides just like in a PowerPoint presentation with remote control support. Here you can also use the amazing laser pointer feature to highlight or explain certain things and this is definitely a super useful feature to me at least for content creation here. But I'm also interested in many other features uh on the Excaliraw road map. I just mentioned the self-hosting which is for whatever reason all the way down below. But anyways, they also have some other cool stuff on the road map like the versioning feature or the public API a new library marketplace. Um that could be very interesting. Of course, I know that for most people, the free and open source version is totally sufficient. Yeah, not everybody is a content creator and needs to present something. I know, but I can just tell you from my own experience, I love it just because of this presentation mode and therefore it is super useful to me. But yeah, that's it about Excal. Again, I absolutely love this tool. I bet you hear my excitement because I like this handdrawn style so much. It is super simple. It is functional. uh because you don't really need a fancy presentation or some fancy graphics to explain your technical topic to somebody. So, it is really great for my YouTube videos. But feel free to tell me what do you think about it in the comments. And as always, thank you so much for watching. A big thanks goes out to all of the people supporting me on YouTube and Patreon. You guys are amazing. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Get into tech in 2025? Beginner → Pro tips feat. TripleTen ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MJJItLEZ0M

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today we'll talk about getting started in tech in 2025. What tips do I have to share as a guy who is working now in the professional IT for over 15 years? Oh my god, that really sounds like I'm getting old. But hey, at least I can tell from my own experience that the tech industry is an absolutely beautiful and exciting place to work. And it's also well paid, which might be the reason why so many people want to work in tech. However, you might have noticed that we're currently facing rough times even in the tech industry. We are all affected by global challenges like politics and companies are consolidating. Everybody is panicking about AI is taking over our jobs and people are generally more worried working in the tech industry than it was before. Still, I would say it is a fantastic job and it's still worth getting into tech, but it might not be as easy as it was a few years ago. Let me tell you my personal story, how I got started and what actions I'm going to take in my IT career. Hope it's going to be inspiring to you. For today's video, I'm partnering with Triple 10, the only boot camp in the US that provides unlimited externship opportunities even after graduation. We'll talk about them in a minute. I've recently been using their program to learn new skills that hopefully will become more useful in my future career. But first of all, I want to give everybody some general tips on how to get started in tech in 2025. If you're not currently working in such a role and you are seeking insights from someone who has started in the tech industry with no prior knowledge and who hasn't studied information technology. So after finishing school and doing some shitty jobs like working in a call center, which was the most horrible work experience I ever had, I finally decided to quit that and do a 3 years apprenticeship in IT system integration, which is in Germany a system that is half time spent at school where you're learning stuff theoretically and half time spent working in a real company getting your first hands-on experience. This is how I got started in tech in a typical entry-level position working as an IT service technician, but where I definitely learned a lot about professional IT in a very short time period because I was suddenly forced to jump on customer calls or go onsite to companies and set up basic IT stuff like installing programs on desktop computers. Uh sometimes upgrading PCs or also administering servers or setting up a small company network. Not to forget fixing printers, which I honestly absolutely hated. But yeah, you always have to do some kind of task that you don't like. But overall, I can say that this was really a great start for me. You don't always have to aim for the most advanced role in the industry or study information technology to get started. In fact, the way I see it, I really got the most broad experience and skill set from working in an entry-level position in IT. Yeah. And that is really great if you have no experience and you just want to see all these different fields of the IT industry. An entry-level position like being on help desk or IT service technician, IT system integration like me, this will really get you a lot of good experience to start. And once you get more and more experience, you can walk your way up from there. So start low and progress over time at your own pace. I think this is a great way. And I know a lot of people who have successfully done it this way, just like me. It's not that hard and this is probably the easiest way to get started, especially for people who haven't worked in such a tech role before and who don't have any qualifications. However, if you're currently working in such a role, you probably have noticed that with this practice, at some point in your career, you will definitely hit a wall because these entry-level jobs are okay to get a foot in the door. But if you stay in these roles for too long, so more than three, four, five years, you might end up finding yourself in a place where you don't want to be in, especially because these jobs are not always enjoyable. And once you reach a certain level in your career, your goal should definitely be to specialize in a certain field that really interests you to further progress in your career. For example, you might want to have the goal to become a software developer at some point or you might be interested in server administration. Perhaps the Linux operating system or networking or cyber security is also a super interesting and exciting field. This is definitely where it makes sense to take it a bit more serious and prepare and search for a better role that fits your personal strengths and goals. And this is also where you definitely will increase your income drastically. However, you might wonder now, well, Christian, that sounds like a good plan, but how do I actually get such an advanced job in IT? How do I become a software engineer or a cyber security expert? So, this is where Triple 10 comes into play, which is a platform for online education. They offer flexible beginnerfriendly online boot camps with the highest graduation and employment rates in the industry like software engineering, cyber security, data science, and so on. If you are unsure about your ideal career path, then just visit Triple 10's website via the link in the description or scan the QR code to try a free career consultation with their tutorials or take a career quiz to just explore the different tech profession. So, it is always good to have a clear goal and a vision of what is your career path that you want to take. And what I really like about Triple 10 is that it is very special and different from these other offerings that just try to sell you more trainings. Their focus is actually to get you in the job. They even have a money back guarantee. So if it takes you more than 10 months after completing the program to get a job that you train for, they get you a 100% refund, which I think is a pretty fair deal. And with over 1,100 graduates employed, 82% found a job within 6 months of graduation, even though 80% didn't have any technical background. So that's extremely impressive and very compelling numbers with top ratings from their graduates. They also have really impressive companies on their portfolio where their graduates get hired. Of course, many of them are remote positions. So I think if you're really looking for a boot camp that improves your career, Triple 10 is a great choice. And the learning platform is amazing. As I said before, I'm currently taking myself a software engineering course there which focuses on real world projects. So this is not just some theoretical stuff. You have an interactive and flexible learning experience. So you can just walk through these lessons at your own pace. And I more I use these lessons and are boot camp. I really appreciate the program because in the past I've taught myself many different skills and things by just by myself. Yeah. by watching YouTube videos or by doing my own projects and trial and error. Just take my Docker and Kubernetes tutorials as an example. So, this is nothing I knew before I started the YouTube channel 5 years ago. It's all self-taught with the help of some real world experience that I've just gotten from my current role in tech. Sure, it is a practice that somehow works, but I can tell you from my own experience, it takes a lot of time to learn and understand it all by yourself. and it's exhausting especially if you're looking for an advanced role that is out of scope of your current experience and responsibilities. So for example, I'm currently working in cyber security, I haven't worked in an engineering or development role, but because I have been currently involved into some interesting projects in the company I'm working for where I need some software engineering skills, this is nothing I have really a lot of experience with. So this is definitely where you sometimes need some support and mentoring to learn all the stuff that you need to know effectively. Just take a quick look at the engineering course and some of the topics that I'm currently learning here. So first it starts with some basic HTML and CSS. So these are things that I already knew before. So I walked through these lessons pretty quickly. But then it really goes on with some advanced stuff like JavaScript, object-orientated programming, frameworks, and APIs. There's so much valuable stuff in it. Of course, I'm still not finished with all of the costs because it takes many, many hours to go through them all. However, I just want to say this is actually a good thing because if it was so easy, everybody could just do it. So, I'm glad that this isn't just a few hour course or training. This is really a full boot camp that definitely it can take a few months until you complete everything. But, I think if it helps you to find a job or get hired in a position you really want to be in, this time is well invested. Now, I personally don't know if I ever want to become a software developer myself, but still, as you can imagine, I have some plans for using these skills and why I'm going through this course. Just like I told you, I'm currently involved into some projects in the company I'm working for, where I just need to learn a bit about programming and where it really becomes more important to me, especially to build my future skill set. when I'm working with software engineering teams or product managers, solution architects, I just need to speak the same language that these people do and it will get me in a better position working in the company. Which brings me to another important point that I want to emphasize here because whenever you're learning a new skill or you studying for a new role that you want to be in, it is super important to have a clear vision or a project that you really want to accomplish with these skills. So for me it is to understand software development better which will help me in my main job with working on some projects and maybe get a better position in the company I'm working for and I just can tell you from my own experience if you don't have such a project where you can apply and use all these skills that you're learning it will be so hard for you to stay motivated. Yeah because everybody is lazy. Yeah. And you will lose motivation over time if you don't have a specific goal that you are following. It doesn't have to be a big project, but if you want to become a software developer, it would be great to create your own maybe free and open source project to train and use these skills in an interesting way or develop a small application or a website. Or if you want to become a cyber security expert, why not set up your own virtual servers in your home lab? Try to find and exploit vulnerabilities on them. Learn how to fix them. That would be some really cool project ideas. And this is also where you really can get real hands-on experience and have something to add to your personal portfolio or resume, which is also great and helps you to get in a better position. Because uh when I would try to apply for a new job, for example, I would just refer to my personal GitHub profile where I've now collected almost over 10K followers and show some of the projects that I've accomplished over the last years like all of the boiler plates templates and my home lab deployments and automation scripts that I have been creating and sharing with everybody on GitHub or the home lab videos. Yeah. Showing the YouTube channel and all the stuff that I have accomplished. By the way, Triple 10 has also a cool approach in that field. Yeah, they give students some hands-on experience through externship with real companies helping students to build job ready portfolios by solving real industry problems. So, you really get some valuable experience here. And if you are applying for a new role, you already have some practical experience which gives you an edge in the job market. And this is by the way what I will predict will change in the industry and will become super important in any tech role in the next years because of some of the recent challenges we are facing with AI and automation and all of this stuff. Yeah. So I think with the rise of AI, if you want to be successful in tech in 2025 and onwards, you have to even further specialize and build realworld experience to build a competitive skill set that sets you apart from others. Yes, there probably will be some layoffs in some spaces where these lazy type of workloads are still done by humans. For example, I'm thinking about people that just write generic code or adding simple functions to programs or documenting stuff that AI can now do fully automatic. Also, people in tech support are probably also going to suffer because these basic level questions now can all be done by AI. So, why do you need a first level supporter somewhere? which sounds pretty dramatic and yeah, that probably might go a bit against getting in an entry- level position here. But as I told you guys, getting an entry- level position is just to get a foot in the door. So, you really have to move on because when you think about it, there will always be some work for real humans in a company. At some point, AI just cannot do it. And I just want to give you some very specific examples for this. Someone has to develop and integrate AI models into actual business use cases. So you can't just throw an AI model in and expect it to have the exact outcome that you want to produce. So somebody has to write this logic or has to create the concept for it. And also another good use case for tech support people, you definitely don't want to have an AI model jump onto an enterprise customer call and explain the value of your products to a potential customer. So this is where you will never trust an AI model. This is where you always want to have a senior support engineer or a software developer joining this customer call and building trust and a relationship with your customers, right? And this is why I say there will always be work where you have to trust humans and where I think human interactions and human soft skills will become more valuable. I even think that these soft skills and learning how to communicate with other people and working in a team, these type of soft skills will become more valuable with the evolution of AI, not less important. So, I definitely don't see this evolution as pessimistic as others do. I definitely think it will hurt people that are working in these basic entry-level positions for too long, but there will always be opportunities for advanced IT roles to be successful. So don't be afraid of jumping into the tech industry in 2025 just because of AI. This would be completely silly. And this is where we are coming back to the beginning of the video where I explained an entry-level position is great to get a foot in the door, but you have to move on and you have to constantly learn new things to stand out from others and just deliver a better result and outcome than AI could do. So that's really the reason why I'm always learning new stuff for my tech career currently, software development. so I can add one more skill set to my portfolio at some point. And I hope this video helped you a bit and hopefully motivated you to finally get in the tech industry in 2025 if you're not already working in it despite all the challenges that we're facing right now. And please don't stop learning even if you are already working in tech. And to make the progress even a bit more enjoyable, you can use the code Christian to get 30% off all triple tense programs and save up to $3,400 for your education. So check it out. Link is in the description box down below or scan the QR code for a free career consultation. Thanks everybody for watching. A huge thanks goes out to all of my supporters and YouTube members. You guys are amazing. And I'll catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== What software runs in my HomeLab in 2025? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJVe_E6tdzw

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today we'll follow up on the last video about my home lab tour in which I showed you everything that I'm running at home including the network architecture, the server equipment and so on. In this video, I'll focus on the application stack and just like in the last video I've created a quick overview for you so that you can see everything that we're going through today. Probably not in all of the details because then it would become a 2hour long video or even more. But yeah, just that you get an idea of all of the applications and platforms that I'm using categorized by infrastructure environment, including the operating systems and platforms, as well as container orchestration, IoT, network management, monitoring, and AI because yeah, everybody has to have an AI stack nowadays. And furthermore, I also have a lot of automation tools, code management stuff, app and server management, databases, and last but not least, security and identity platforms. As you can see, I went a little crazy with my home lab stack and I'm still not done. Of course, there are many more projects that I'm planning for this year, but let's go through the current stack together. However, before we do that, I also like to talk about effectively managing all of these projects because if you have such a huge stack in your home lab or company environment, you can lose track pretty fast. And managing this in traditional tools like spreadsheets often create silos and you lack visibility of the bigger architecture environment. That's why you should use monday.com, the intuitive all-in-one work platform where you can collaborate effectively with a team, manage complex projects, and automate repetitive tasks. I've recently tested monday.com to manage some of my Homeland projects that I just want to keep track of, and it is super simple to use. You can easily create to-do lists for the next actions that you're planning in your projects, create custom fields with additional notes, manage priorities, or plan timelines. I also absolutely love the Cananban boards that give you a perfect overview of all of this stuff that's going on. But you can also do some pretty cool advanced stuff with monday.com like connecting different boards and adding dependencies. And if you're done with a task, you can also add a documentation for it in the markdown style formatting. Super cool. Of course, monday.com doesn't only work for personal projects. Actually, it gets more important to use such a platform when you're managing projects in a team. So, with a free plan, you get up to two seats and three boards, unlimited docks, but you can also upgrade to other plans that increase the features. To get started, check out monday.com using the link in the description box down below and streamline your work like never before. All right, guys. So, now let's get into my home lab stack because we have a lot of stuff to cover today. So, I will start with the infrastructure management and then just walk my way through this list here. The first item is Proxmbox, which is undoubtly one of the most critical components I use in my home lab. And this is the primary virtualization platform that I'm using. As you might have seen in my home lab tour, I'm currently running two Proxmox nodes in a cluster where all of my virtual machines and containers are running on. My primary Proxmox node prx one is currently running two virtual machines, a server pro one and server pro two. The first server is running my main applications container stack which mostly are just docker compos projects and many of the applications we are working through today and the second server pro two on the first proxmox node is also running docker but here I'm primarily running databases. I thought it was a good idea to separate the application server from the database server. I don't know if that's the way how you usually do it but yeah it just sounded like a great decision to me. So these two virtual machines run most of the critical applications in my homeless stack that I always want to have up and running. And the secondary prox 2 is mainly there for experimental workloads that I don't always have running. For example, this is running my Alexi production one container which is running my AI workloads. So we'll also talk about it later. Uh but there I'm also running my server pro 3 4 5 and six which together form a Kubernetes cluster that I'm honestly currently not using anymore for any critical workloads. So that's why I moved these four production servers to the secondary Proxmox node because it doesn't matter to me if I shut it down. And of course uh this is also running some of the testing servers that I mostly use for researching new deployments or testing configs or sometimes even temporary stuff like when I'm recording a new tutorial. So you can see Proxmox is definitely one of the most important components for my home life stack. And as you can imagine, for all of the actual servers like the virtual machines or Proxmbox, but also some of the physical devices like the Raspberry Pies I'm running, I'm mainly using a Linux operating system. And my preferred Linux distro is Ubuntu Server. I just got used to Ubuntu many years ago because it was one of the first Linux distros that I tried and it was one of the first that simplified many things back in these days where some of the older Linux distributions were kind of hard and complicated and over time I think Ubuntu definitely has become a mature and widely used Linux distro for servers as well. You can definitely say today Ubuntu is one of the most prominent Linux distributions uh in the world. And the advantage this has is that you find a lot of information, tutorials and content for it. If you have a problem and most of the applications that I've written for a Linux operating system are almost all running on Ubuntu. It also has some newer package versions like many of the other server dros for example Damian. But still, Ubuntu also has LTS versions that are longtime supported, which I think offers a good balance between being upto-date, but also using stable versions. I know some people might not like Ubuntu and everybody has their own favorite Linux distribution, but honestly guys, I don't care. I'm not really an emotionally attached Linux user. So, from time to time, I'll just try out other dros as well and see how they work. But Ubuntu is the one that I definitely feel the most comfortable with. All right, guys. So now let's quickly move to the next topic. As you might have seen in the home lab 2, I'm also running a big storage server where I'm storing all of my video projects, the files, the backups for the applications and VMs. And here I'm using the Unrate operating system. And I realized in some of the videos that I've done about Unrade that it seems to be some kind of controversial system as well because many people told me that it isn't a great operating system. Some of you might prefer other systems like Truness or Open Media Vault. Well, look, yeah, with all of these HomeLab projects, you have to accept that not everybody's using your favorite tool or operating system. This is just because in tech there are millions of possibilities for how to accomplish things and they are all somehow right or wrong. I can just tell you about my particular use case. There were mainly two advantages the Unrade platform has over other system that convinced me to use it. And the first one is that unrated boots from a USB drive. So that means in small environments, especially when you're using motherboards that don't have so many PCI Express slots, you can save one M2 slot that you typically would use for an MVME drive that would contain the operating system. Because Unre is booting from a USB drive, you can use that M2 slot for an additional controller card or any other device. This gives you, in my opinion, more possibilities for connecting additional hard drives or adding another network interface card. And the second advantage was the unrid array. So this is a proprietary um array solution that has and I've not seen anything else um like that in other system. I already explained in my unrated storage server video why I love this unrated array so much. But to quickly summarize this gives me the ability to build a large redundant cold storage pool that I can use for backups, archive storage or storing large video files. and it has the ability to spin down the discs that are not in use so they don't consume any power and that means you can build a more power efficient storage server. I agree that unred probably isn't the most mature NAS operating system in the world and many people dislike its pricing and licensing policy but I think for a HomeLab power user like me and has some pretty compelling and interesting features and this is the reason why I'm using it. Okay, so now let's move on to the next category, container orchestration. As you can imagine, the first item on the list is also extremely important to me. Docker is the main containerization technology or platform, whatever you want to call it, that I'm using on my server pro one, two, and also some of the other testing servers. I'm using Docker because it is super easy and simple to manage. I absolutely love Docker Compose. That's also why I'm showing it in all of my tutorials because when I explain something to you, it will definitely work on your machine the same way like it does on mine, which is amazing for making video tutorials. However, there's definitely a lot of room for improvement here on this setup. For example, I never tried out Docker Swarm, and I think this would become very interesting when I'm migrating containers from one Docker host to another. Currently, for example, I have the problem that I have too many Docker hosts across my entire home labs. So I'm running many virtual machines on the Proxmbox nodes that are using Docker. I'm running two separate ZMA boards that run Docker projects. I also have some testing servers with the Docker engine. So that means when I want to do load balancing with this setup, I'm using a reverse proxy or using authentication with authentic I have to deploy these type of endpoints to each and every docker host which is really kind of annoying. And I believe using something like a Docker overlay network in Docker Swarm would definitely help me to solve this problem. But I haven't fully researched this topic yet. So it will take some time. Maybe by the end of this year I will just have a look at Docker Swarm and see how it could help me to improve the architecture. But either way, Docker will continue to be a super important topic to me and you can trust me. There's a lot of content coming out related to this. By the way, when we're talking about Docker Swarm and high availability, of course, we also have to talk about Kubernetes and that's why I also started to look into K3S, which is a simple, lightweight, and fast Kubernetes platform. I know there are also again other possibilities how to do it, but still K3S seems to be my favorite system that I tried out so far. So, I'm running a Kubernetes cluster on the server production 3, four, five, and six, which is kind of an old legacy deployment that I'm not actively using anymore. The secondary K3S Kubernetes cluster is my actual primary one which is currently running on my Raspberry Pi cluster. Again, as I said in my home lab video, I'm not really happy with the hardware decisions on that. So, I think it would be better to deploy this on a few other virtual machines and replace this entire Raspberry Pi cluster. But yeah, now that I have it, I just going to keep using it. And I also migrated some of the workloads to this Kubernetes cluster. For example, I just deployed Authentic, my main identity provider. we'll also cover later in this video on this Raspberry Pi Kubernetes cluster and so far it's just been running great and I also plan to migrate some of the monitoring and logging stack like Prometheus Graphana will also go through this to Kubernetes as well somewhere maybe later this year or maybe even the next year. So you can see Kubernetes will continue to play an important part in some of my future videos. However, I need to focus on so many other projects and Kubernetes doesn't seem to be the most important one. at least when you take a look at the YouTube statistics how well these videos perform and most of my tutorials will of course be focused on docker compose but I think once you are familiar with an app or service and I've done several videos on it I think it would be nice to make just an additional video on kubernetes focused deployments but we'll see because kubernetes is a beast on its own yeah for example one thing that was initially so complicated to me u in kubernetes was how to handle storage and this particular particularly became a huge problem when I was building the new Raspberry Pi Kubernetes cluster because Raspberry Pies they don't have a super fast network connection to an NFS server and I wanted to have some independent redundant and high available storage solution with a backup function and that's why I also use Longhorn. So, this is honestly the perfect solution for all of this stuff. But again, I won't go into too much detail here because I've made just one separate video about Longhorn, but it's like the backbone of my uh Kubernetes storage when I'm deploying apps there. Also, as most of you guys will know, I'm using traffic, my absolute favorite reverse proxy on Docker and Kubernetes. This handles all the TLS connections and the certificates for my Docker host. And whenever I'm using traffic on Kubernetes, I'm also combining this with search manager so that manager is taking care of managing the TLS certificates on Kubernetes. And these two applications really do a phenomenal job. I just like the way how you manage traffic. For example, because you don't have any web UI where you need to click some stuff to configure it. It's all defined in the same docker compos project file where you deploy the application or in simple kubernetes manifest that you just store and ship with the application deployment which is perfect for automated deployment like CI/CD pipelines and stuff we will also talk later about I agree that you have to go through some of trial and error in the first time when you're using traffic and it might be a bit difficult for beginners but once you understand how to configure everything in traffic and you build your main templates for all of the deployments and configs. I think it's is so easy to just repeat this stuff. Yeah, you can copy the templates, use it in other projects. Just change a few lines in the compost project and then you're done. Almost every time when I make a Docker tutorial and there is some sort of uh incoming connection required, I also include traffic in this tutorial. And sure, like with any other solution that I'm covering, I also get a lot of comments from people recommending other programs like Caddy, HA Proxy, or some even still recommend EngineX Proxy Manager for whatever reason. But I can just tell you guys, well, fine if you're using something else, but for me personally, traffic and also search manager just works perfectly. There's no reason for me to change this setup and that's why I'm also including this in all of my tutorials. Okay guys, so now let's get from containerization and TLS management to smartome in IoT. So you can see this doesn't really follow a logical order. But anyways, so here I only have one service application that I'm currently using in my home life, which is Home Assistant. And this is absolutely, at least in my opinion, the best application for smartome because it's open source, it's free, and you can connect so many different vendors, brands, and devices to this system. It's nearly unbelievable. I'm currently doing some interesting stuff with Home Assistant for my smart home and IoT automation, but honestly, I'm not really an expert yet. So, I'm still learning how to use it. And this is also part of the reason why I haven't created so many uh YouTube tutorials around Home Assistant. Also, I believe there's already so much content about IoT and Smartome existing on YouTube. And this is certainly some sort of different field and not related to the typical type of audience that I want to address with my channel. So you will only occasionally see the one or another home assistant tutorial when I have something really exciting to share with you guys. But of course it is another critical application and system that I need for smart home automation. All right. Uh so next we have network management. also a huge topic on its own that could fill an entire video. But I just want to talk quickly about the free um sopos technologies that you see here on this list because some of you have asked in my last video about the homelap tour. Why the heck did I choose sofos as a system and not something like open sense or unifi? Look, Sopos is an enterprisegrade security vendor and Sopus offers many different products including the Sopus XG firewall which controls and secures all of my network traffic. Then I'm using a big sofa switch that is connecting everything. And I'm also using Sofa's wireless access points. And I agree these type of devices are a lot more expensive than regular consumer hardware, especially with all of the business licensing stuff and so on. So this is not a system that I would typically see in a home environment. But the one and only reason I'm using Sophos is that I work for this company. So besides my YouTube channel and of course that comes with the privilege uh of getting access to some of the devices and tools for testing and because I just love to work with the products at work. I'm using them in my home lab as well. It's just a no-brainer for me. Though it is probably not what I'd recommend to every HomeLab user because the hardware appliances that I'm using are extremely oversized for home lab environments and they require again additional licensing. But for me as test appliances that I get from my company and I need it for work anyway, they are super useful. So I don't want to go into too much detail here on sopos because I explained a lot of the network architecture in my last home lab tour video. So you can easily refer to that. But sophos again is a huge component in my home lab stack that controls a lot of the network environment. Okay. So still I want to go in a bit more detail over one item in this category and uh this is the bind 9 DNS server. So the reason why I have decided to use bind 9 is that it's one of these technologies that you often see in professional and large environments. And I thought it would be nice to use it and learn how to administer such a DNS server from the ground up instead of using something more simple like Pi Hole for example where you just go through a graphical user interface and click a few buttons. A bind 9 is a bit harder to configure, but it also forces me to learn more about DNS and understand what is an authorative DNS server, what is a name server, what is a DNS zone, and how to configure all of these technologies. So, bind 9 is not really a software that I choose for convenience. It's actually the opposite. And I'm also managing a lot of these configurations using other automation tools that make it a bit easier for me to keep track of everything. But we will go through automation later. Just know that yeah, bite 9 is the primary DNS technology that I'm using. Maybe I'm also switching that technology know once I've learned how to configure a DNS server to something more simple in the future. But well, I haven't fully decided on this yet. So, this is probably a project for next year or so. But yeah, that's it about networking. Let's go on to the next category, monitoring. Oh guys, I'm just realizing this will become a super exhausting and long video, but I hope it interests you. So stay tuned. If you can make it until the end, please let me know in the comments, by the way. Okay, so let's just move on. Uh, first I'd like to discuss the Prometheus, Loki, and Graphana ST. You can see this really as one big topic even though there are actually three different applications. First one, Prometheus is a metric database. This is where I'm storing time series data and data points that measure overtime things like CPU usage, memory usage, and disk utilization. And I'm currently using this on mainly all of my servers and infrastructure and certainly also the containers. It is super important to me uh because it gives me an in-depth view of my machine's performance and statistics allowing me to find out when resources are exhausted. So when I need to resize machines like when I need to increase the disk size or the memory on some of the docker host for example then we also have graphana loki a similar application to prometheus but instead it is for locks. So this is another critical component in troubleshooting and finding out when something is not working for example it's collecting and aggregating all of the logs from my container deployments but also the Linux virtual machine. So whenever something goes wrong with my containers and I have to drill into the log files why something is not behaving in the way I expected it. Graphana Loki is the backbone like the database storage for all of these locks. By the way this is also where Graphana comes into play because Graphfana the third component is really the visual interface to inspect and explore all of these metrics and locks. So you can see Loki and Prometheus as the database back end and Grafana as the graphical user interface for these applications. I've also recently worked on a super interesting topic at Sopos by the way where I needed Graphana in Prometheus 4. So learning these monitoring technologies was not only a super fun project for my home lab to learn, it also helped me to work on a project at my main job that I would never have worked on if I hadn't learned this stuff in my home lab before. So you can see how important home lab projects will get for your main IT career. Furthermore, um this certainly becomes another critical component for future videos because I have barely touched on topics like alerting and notification. I haven't connected this to Kubernetes yet. So there are some great opportunities that I will try to work on in the next months, but maybe by the end of this year. So don't expect that in the near future. Also, in addition to the uh monitoring stack with Prometheus, Loki, and Grafana, I recently added a new component um or at least to me it was kind of new called trackmk. So, this is another beats on its own, but it provides me some particularly interesting functions that I couldn't easily do with Prometheus or Loki yet. So actually there isn't much I want to say at this point here about it because checkmk I've done a full video tutorial on it recently and I'm also currently planning and working on the anible collection on Czechm. So I definitely heard all of the comments uh under my Czechm video. You guys want to see an anible video about Czechm so you'll get it but I just need some more time to prepare. So please stay tuned. Uh but yeah, these four applications currently built my monitoring stack and I think you can really do a lot with these tools. All right, so then we also have Uptimekuma in this category which is also a monitoring application but a much smaller and honestly less capable one. It's not monitoring any metrics, performance statistics or locks. It's just there to tell you if a service is up and running and it can notify you if a service goes down which might already be enough for many people to monitor and it has served me quite well for some time but I'm currently thinking about replacing uptime Kuma with Czechm because checkm can literally do anything that uptime Kuma does but also many other things as well. So uh I still want to keep uptime Kuma in my home lab at least for testing and just to see how the project progresses because I know it's loved by many home lab enthusiasts and it's honestly a great tool if you just want to have a simple uptime monitoring. So that's why I just keep it running because I want to keep an eye on it. But of course I'm not actively using this for any alerts anymore when I'm using Czechm. All right, so that's it about uh monitoring. Let's move on to the next block AI. And I don't want to go too much into AI because I've made also separate videos on it. And honestly, I'm kind of still new in this field. There are so many things I don't understand about AI and that I have to learn. But it is becoming a huge new skill in tech. And I think if you're in a current tech role, you have to have at least some highlevel understanding of AI and know how to use it properly. And I am also hearing a lot about AI at my main job at Sophos, especially in cyber security. AI offers so many interesting capabilities and possibilities to protect IT infrastructure and systems. Also, in automation, it will become relevant in the future. Of course, I'm not the one who thinks that AI will replace humans entirely. Yeah, and I absolutely hate all this shitty AI related content. I'm not the one who is jumping on every hype wagon. Yeah, you know me, guys. But I think there are certainly some topics that could be interesting to cover on this channel. Maybe I'll do some future projects about Python TensorFlow or maybe do some AI automation stuff with Olama and open web UI. So Olama by the way is the platform that allows me to run local LLMs at home. I'm running this on my secondary Proxmox node. So where the big MD Rain graphics card is plugged in and I use Open Web UI as the main graphical interface to communicate with the Olama platform. I'm using it for text generation research. I'm using this for code review and code improvements. I've also connected uh Olama to VS Code for code completion and code refactoring is super cool. Again, I think AI is an area that has so much potential, but I think I have to also be careful with content creation around it because there's so much out there already. And when I make something, I want to do it right. So that's why you probably would see occasionally the one or another AI related video. All right, guys. So, we're getting along. We'll walk our way through this list here. Now, the next big topic in my home lab is automation. And automation is such an interesting and exciting topic, at least for me. So, the first two tools that I'm using here, Ansible and Open Tufu, connect many dots in my entire home lab environment. For example, I'm using Ansible as my main configuration management tool. So, this is helping me a lot with the maintenance, configuration, and installation tasks in my home lab. For example, I've created a repository with separate playbooks that install certain core services. I also created other playbooks to update all the packages on my Ubuntu servers and Proxmox nodes or upload public SSH keys and manage user accounts. And there are certainly so much more I could do with Ansible. I think at some point I just need to dive a little deeper into Ansible and learn how to use roles and other plugins to accomplish more tasks with it. Now let's come to the next tool here open tofu. This is another automation tool similar to Ansible but it does a few important things slightly different and uh previously I always used Terraform which was created by Hashiop and once Hashiop changed their open source licensing to a business source licensing I later on switched to open tofu but actually open tofu and terraform are mostly even in the way they work. So I heavily use open tofu for provisioning tasks. So whenever I need additional resources in my home app, I would have to create them manually through a web UI or config files that I used an open to terraform plugin to create these resources and define them in code files. Just a quick example, if I need a new virtual machine on Proxmox or I need a new DNS record or maybe I need both, I define these things in a Terraform file and then I use the open tofu automation tool to automatically apply these changes and make them happen on my infrastructure. And this has the huge advantage of that you always have a single source of truth of what's configured and provisioned on your infrastructure in a simple coile. So if you want to find out what's going on, you don't have to log into any web UI and click through graphical user interfaces to find out what you have done. You can just simply read it in the code. And this is in my opinion much easier and simpler to use. So these two automation tools, Ansible and Open Tufu become even better when they're combined with other logical and pipeline tools. For example, Castra is such a tool that I used to schedule certain automation tasks. So there are simple scripts in Castra that are triggered on specific events. For example, when something gets updated in a git repository or when I invoke it through a web hook call. So then I can execute some actions often by using anible or terraform or open to scripts. And this is really super cool. I know this is tough to explain in just a minute or two, but just to show you a very quick example. So I have created a scheduled pipeline in Castra that will automatically run every day at a specific time and this will download an Ansible playbook from one of my git repositories and then it just runs it in a simple anible container and in this anible playbook I have defined an action that will automatically purge some of my orphaned Docker images on my servers and that is solving a big problem that I had because whenever I was updating container images, the old images are still left on the server's discs and over time they take up so much space that the virtual machine discs gets completely full resulting in the server to crash or to stop working and that's why I regularly run this simple anible playbook every day to clean up the old images on my docker hosts. It is a very simple use case but it caused a lot of problems in the past for me and by combining all these automation tools Kestra Ansible and I also have done the same for Terraform tasks and this is really automating a lot of the critical workloads that I would have to do manually in the home lab. So it's really saving a lot of time. However, I have to admit the only problem that I sometimes have with Castra is that it is using its own declarative language. So it has some special functions and in some of the early versions they really changed a lot of the syntax back and forth. So it has some sort of a learning curve especially when you try to write some more complex logic inside a Castra automation flow. You have to learn these functions the syntax and how to use this tool. And the free and open source version of Castra also doesn't have all of the features that I would personally love to use like a secret store or the new application feature. There are some cool things in it, but unfortunately locked behind the enterprise version, but it's still a pretty versatile tool that I probably have to use more in the future. Sema 4 UI, by the way, is also a similar thing like Kestra. It is a bit simpler and has fewer capabilities and functionalities. That's why I personally I'm not actively using Zma 4 UI anymore. I just have it in my stack because if something changes, if they introduce new exciting features, of course, I want to keep up to date with it and I might do another video about it. So, just like in Castra, you can use it to accomplish similar things like running a Terraform automation pipeline that is scheduled or triggered by certain actions. You can even run Python scripts and anible playbooks. But uh the problem with ZMA for UI is that it's more like a a web UI to just execute one script at a time or at a specific event. It's not like Castra where you can define a more complex logic and create your own scripts inside these automation pipelines. So I think Zap for UI is is a nice automation tool, but Castra is certainly much more powerful even the open source version of it. However, both tools also certainly compete with another automation platform in my home lab. And I'm still not sure which tool would be my favorite here, Castra or this one. But of course, I'm talking about my code management platform, GitLab. And yeah, it is in the category code management, but GitLab is uh honestly much more than a code management platform, even though code management is really the primary use case of it. So that's why I put it into this category. So in GitLab, I'm managing all of my deployments, the configurations, and the automations of my Hoblab in certain projects or repositories. Previously, I made a lot of this stuff publicly available on GitHub. So you guys could look into my GitHub repositories and find out what I'm running and how exactly I'm running it. However, I replaced the public GitHub repository of my home lab in favor of my new self-hosted GitLab instance because I just like the idea of keeping everything in my private environment a little more because GitLab offers a super cool automation platform called GitLab CI/CD that I started to explore recently and this already handles a lot of my automation logic for my application deployments. For example, you can see I've created a git repository for most of the video projects and tools that I use in my home lab. For instance, if you just go into my DNS repository. So here you will find the docker compos project for my bind 9 DNS server that I'm using on one of my docker hosts as well as the CI/CD pipelines that will automatically deploy the container or apply changes when I made an update to the compose file or another job that applies changes in the terraform files to the production configuration. Again, um I explained that I'm managing my DNS records with open tofu in simple terraform files. And the cool thing is when I now want to add a new DNS record, I change it in the code and I push this to my GitLab repository. It automatically triggers the CI/CD pipeline that will use a simple open tofu container to make these changes happening. So by the combination of open toufu and gitlab cicd I can literally automate everything and when I need new resources in my home lab I just have to make a simple change in a code file push it and the automation tools are automatically doing this and applying these configurations for me. So yeah just stay tuned for more videos about these kind of topics. I think there's some really good potential to show you some really cool stuff. By the way, um when we were talking about the Docker Compose project automation, I also shouldn't forget to talk about Renovate because Renovate, especially in combination with GitLab CCD, has completely simplified the entire container deployment for me and certainly also Kubernetes because Renovate automatically notifies you whenever a new version of a container image is pushed to the registry and it automatically creates a new pull request on GitLab. For example, if there is an update on to the traffic reverse proxy container images, renderate will automatically create this pull request with that version change to the GitLab management platform. So I can just simply click on merge to apply these changes. And guess what's now happening? Of course, because I'm using GitLab CI/CD automation that now automatically triggers a new job that uploads this new compos file with the updated container image to my remote server, restarts the container, and then my application is updated. So, this allows me to completely automate all of the versioning. So, I don't have to know or I don't need to look whenever there's a new version of an application released. I just get a notification for it. But I still have some manual control over when I want to definitely make this update happen because there are other automation tools like for example watchtower that I covered sometime in the past but they do that on their own. So if there is a new container image watchtower will just restart the container and maybe that's not what you want especially in a production environment. You don't want an application to be restarted in the middle of a critical process. So I think for these type of version updates, you have to have some manual control over it. And with GitLab CI/CD and Renovate, you can really simplify and automate this entire process while still having some manual control over when things are going to happen. So this is super cool. But I'm also running another small Git platform in my home lab called Git T. So this is again similar to GitLab, but in a much smaller scale. So the reason why I'm using the gitlab over git t is gitlab has more features than git t because it is better integrated with renovate and it has more capabilities when it comes to csd and these type of things. So that's mainly the reason but of course I still keep it running in my home lab because I want to keep track of um any changes of future versions of gy and maybe it's getting improved and it's worth making another video so that's why I still keep it deployed. Okay, so as you've heard, I'm pretty excited about automation in code management in my home lab. So the next topics we can go over quickly here because app and server management I'm honestly not heavily interested anymore even though there are really some nice projects in the stack. For example, Portainer that allows you to manage Docker deployments or Kubernetes in a simple and easy way. I completely replaced it with my Gilap CI/CD automation workflow renovate and so on for all of the reasons I just explained. Uh and the same is also true for do which is another small hobby project I would call it similar to Portainer but just for docker compose and less capable again although I definitely see a target audience for these type of management tools I'm certainly not one of them because I really prefer to define all of my deployments in a declarative way which means I I love to work with docker compose or tools like terraform gitlab cicd anible I don't need another graphical program and do all this stuff manually. I mean, that's the whole reason why I'm using this massive automation stack that I don't have to do it in a graphical user interface. So, that is somehow against the use case of management tools. But I totally understand that there are a lot of people um that have HomeLabs and they're not willing to jump into these complicated automation topics, CI/CD, renovator from anible castra and all of these other automation tools. you just want a simple management UI for deploying a few self-hosted container images and for these type of use cases Portainer is great do is great and that's why I certainly keep an eye on them and when there is a new exciting feature released maybe I'll do another video but just know that I'm not heavily using this and the same is also somehow true of homepage which is a nice home dashboard again I love this project but I'm honestly not regularly using it because it doesn't really solve an actual problem for me. It is nice to have some graphical representation of each and everything that you have deployed in home. But why do I need another graphical representation when I have it in code or when I have created a documentation? So I really love to work more with code files and proper documentation than having another dashboard. But again, I might not be the right type of audience for these type of projects. maybe occasionally do the one or another video of these type of topics if you're interested in it. Uh but yeah, this is that's it about management tools. Let's not spend too much time on it. Let's quickly go through databases. Yeah, I also run a few databases in my home stack. What a surprise. But honestly, to me at least, this is a kind of boring topic. I don't run these databases like Maria DB, Postgress or Influx because I like them so much and I'm excited about them. But because I have to yeah many other applications just require a database to be running in the background. So that's why I'm running Maria DB and Postgress. Infrox DB actually serves just one particular use case. It is a metric store for my Proxwork monitoring because Prox doesn't support something like uh Prometheus. So when I want to see some fancy statistics and metrics about my Proxmbox instance in Grafana, the data is coming from Influx DB and that's basically it. What I definitely want to spend a little more time on is the last category which might be more interesting than databases. This is security and identity especially the first topic was. So this is a really nice XDR and CM platform. So extended detection and response and security information and event management. And yes, I knew that out of my head. I didn't need to read it. And I know this platform might seem like a little overkill for a simple home lab and it certainly is. But it is another puzzle piece that I often need for work. Not the Waza platform in particular because as you might know Sopos has also kind of NXDR and even MDR and and cloud platform called Sofa central but it really helps me to keep Waza in my home lab to get some sort of uh general understanding of how these type of technologies work and what they actually do because I cannot deploy something like Sophos central or Sopos MDR in my home lab. This is a proprietary closed source cloud service application. But just to follow some of these discussions at work that I'm having about XDR, CM, MDR and these type of things, I think it is important to familiarize yourself with these type of services. And that's the main reason why I'm using Waza at home because it is open source. It is free and I can use this to practice and learn about managed security. This is by the way also the main reason why I'm using Clam AV in my home lab. Not because I think Clam AV is better than Sophus endpoint. Certainly it's the other way around. Sopus is much better than the free and open source Clam AV. But if you learn how to install and set up these open source technologies from the ground up, this is certainly teaching you a lot about the technology. By the way, I would also love to add another topic to this list here called Suri Carta. So this also will become a super important topic for me at work sometimes later this year. Maybe it would be a nice addition to this list and worth a video, but we will see. I don't want to talk too much about it because that's somewhere by the end of the next year. All right. So, no, the next item on the list that I certainly will talk a lot more about is Twate. Twate, my main remote access tool. Actually, remote access tool doesn't describe it correctly because it's more than that. It's a full ZTNA solution, a zero trust network access solution. This means it is in contrast to traditional VPNs much more secure because it doesn't only include the encrypted network part. It also does the policy and compliance checks on all the connected devices and you can really fine-tune what user what device and in which compliance state has access to what particular service. Of course, there are also other great remote access tools that do kind of similar things, and I've reviewed a couple of them here on this channel as well, but Twin Gate just keeps to be my favorite solution for remote access and ZTNA because it has been super reliable to me. It never had any problems, outages. It just works on all of my devices. It is super easy to install and manage. And it also supports configuration and management through infrastructure as code IA automation tools. again Terraform, Open Tofu, Anible that makes it a very comfortable solution for me and fits great into my stack with all of the automation tools and it also has among the other tools a pretty compelling feature set even in the free tier. So that's why I'm mainly using Twin Gate whenever I need to remotely log into my HomeLab stack or get access to certain applications. I also absolutely love the next item on the list um that is authentic and this is an identity provider which replaces a lot of different authentication services like LDAP active directory open ID connect and it allows you to have a centralized user management in one single solution that you can integrate in many other applications for example I've integrated authentic to log into my GitLab platform or my potato instance so instead of having to manage different users and different credential credentials in all of these other applications separately. I can centralize everything and it comes with a lot of advanced features to increase the security of the login like it supports passwordless authentication. It supports two factor authentication with one-time passwords by using authentic as an identity provider in a login method to other applications. You can basically add passwordless and MFA to any application that you like. It's super cool. even the ones that don't have a login form by themselves because you can easily also integrate this in traffic reverse proxy to securely expose any application that you like and it also allows me to have a secure machine to-achine authentication. I have used this for something like the Castra web hooks or automation pipelines or even the networkwide access to something like Olama. It is super cool and a super important puzzle piece for my home lab security. But again, I could go on and talk about this for an hour, but I don't want to. So, definitely watch my separate videos about authentic. Uh because I also want to cover the next item on the list, Cloudflare. Another important puzzle piece because this is my main public DNS provider and security gateway, which means all of my certificates that are issued by Let's Encrypt use a DNS challenge and that is managed by Cloudflare. Without that, I wouldn't be able to issue TLS certificates for my traffic resource proxies and so on. and I'm also managing all of my public DNS records with it. Of course, I'm not managing them in the Cloudflare web UI. I also uh use the Cloudflare Terraform provider to configure all of these things in infrastructure as code and I'm also sometimes using Cloudflare tunnels for some very specific things. Cloudflare tunnels by the way is another feature of the Cloudflare Ztna platform. So, this is a competitive service to Twing. uh but I see them as two separate things here because twing is mostly there for providing access to internal resources to managed users like you have to log into Twinate you have to authenticate and get access to it with Cloudflare tunnels you can securely publish a service using ZTNA but to any unauthenticated users as well so to the public internet and this is the way how I'm protecting some of the uh web hook endpoints in my local network that need to be accessed from other public API endpoints. So when I need to publish an internal service but put it behind a strong authentication and protection, I'm using Cloudflare tunnels to do that. And certainly besides that, it also handles the important DNS part, the certificates and so on. So Cloudflare super important. Last but not least, I also have a small instance of passport in my home lab, which is a self-hosted password manager. So, I'm currently not actively using this for my private passwords. First of all, I don't like to have my important private passwords and credentials in a self-hosted environment because whenever something happens to my home lab rack, well, I would be screwed. So, that's why I mainly use Apple passwords. It is better integrated into my Apple devices and it's automatically synchronized. I can easily share it with my wife and my son. So, that's the reason for private things. I'm not using a self-hosted password manager, but I think where passport is super useful for this is really great for storing credentials in a self-hosted environment. It's super secure by design and it's great to share credentials or secrets in a team or company, especially the latest version of Passport 5, which was recently released. By the way, I'm also preparing a new video about Passport version 5 with some of the cool new features that it comes with like encrypted metadata, not only for passwords, but also user accounts, URIs, and notes are encrypted and secured. And they're also working on some pretty cool features like adding a key value store as well. And I think for these type of use cases, a self password manager is great. So to use this as a credential management system for your home lab. So if you need to store the user login for your Proxmox node or the API token for automation web hook tokens and these type of things that's what Apple password is not really great for and passport is much better for these type of things. But yeah that's mainly it this is my entire home lab stack so far and of course it isn't all that I'm planning. I am I want to add a couple of more items to that list here that will make great future videos, but you have to be a little patient with me researching all their projects. Requires a lot of time. So therefore, it would be cool if you consider helping me out a little by checking out the Patreon or YouTube membership program that allows me to continue making all of these free tutorials and videos for you, even if they are exhausting and long like this one here. But yeah, I'm really done for today, guys. But um yeah, if you have new project ideas for me, maybe another HomeLab tool that I definitely should take a look at, please let me know in the comments. Thank you so much for watching. Congratulations, you've made it to the end. And of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. from. Bye-bye.

=== NEW ZimaBoard 2, super fast, tiny Home Server ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D038iKKoiYI

Hey guys, this is Christian and this is the new Zema Board 2 or at least an early prototype that Zema sent me for testing. And guys, this thing is absolutely incredible. It's a massive improvement from the older but already great Zemo version one. It has a brand new and much faster Intel CPU, faster network interfaces, and a faster PCI Express slot. all in this super tiny form factor with a completely redesigned case that has a bit of an Apple like look. I absolutely love it. So, let's take a closer look at this thing here. Okay, guys. So, here we are. The new Zemabot 2 is almost there. ZMA sent me this early prototype of their revamped small mini PC. So, please take in consideration whatever I'm going to say in this video about the hardware specs might change a little. We already had something similar with the Zema cube prototype that I've reviewed here on the channel where also a few things changed later on. But uh still I'd say apart from some minor improvements in details, this product seems almost complete. Zema already updated their website and created a separate launch page for the new Zema 2 with a cool new design. By the way, I absolutely love the newspaper style. The Zema design team always does a great job here. And yeah, what can I say about the new Zemo 2? It's everything that we already loved about the first ZMA board. It's a tiny super power efficient mini PC with a dual network interface, two SATA ports on the front, and an open-ended X4 PCI Express slot, which is just perfect for tinkering or experimental projects that we love to do in a home lab. There are really so many possibilities for using this little device here, like building a small and efficient home server. Maybe add two drives here at the front to build a small NAS with it or run it with a firewall operating system because you have two network interfaces here. One you can use to connect the public internet and your router and the other one to connect your LAN. I've already done some of these projects in previous videos and I've always been a huge fan of this concept. And with the new CPU they just put into this thing here and the faster interfaces, you have even more possibilities and use cases for all of your projects. But let's take a closer look at the hardware specs of this prototype they sent me for testing. So on the right side you have the hardware specs of the Zemo board in the first version with the Intel Celeron processor N3450 which already was kind of a bit outdated at the time of release. So now they put a new and much faster CPU in this thing, the Intel N150 CPU. Of course, I've also done some benchmarks on this thing that I later want to show you and we'll also talk about the power consumption, so don't worry about that. Uh, but yeah, you can already see where they're going with the new ZMO 2. Just take a look at the cache and the clock speed of this new CPU. It's much more powerful than the old one. And they also upgraded the memory from 8 GB of DDR4 to 8 GB of DDR5. The internal eMMC disc still remains the same, but again, you can increase the storage of this little device by just connecting some HDDs or SSDs to the two SATA 3.0 ports. What I also think many people will love about this, they increased the speed of the network interfaces from 1 GB Ethernet to a dual 2.5 GB Ethernet interface, which is just incredible if you want to use this thing as a network gateway, router, or firewall. Of course, they also made some other minor improvements, for example, to the USB ports, which now support USB 3.1. And the open-ended PCI Express slot got a huge upgrade from PCI Express 2.0 to 3.0. So, you can really use this thing in combination with an additional controller card or a graphics card. I think you get a really incredible package here with the new Zemo 2. And by the way, Zema just started their new Kickstarter campaign for this project. So, if you want to take part in this, check out the link in the description of this video. Okay guys, so I think that all sounds very promising and for me this new Zemo 2 really just comes right in time because I currently have a small problem in my home lab with the network architecture and home assistant where the Zobot 2 will be a nice solution for. Just to quickly explain what's the problem here. If you've watched my last video about the HomeLab tour that I gave you, you know that I have separated my home lab into two network segments. The private land zone and the production home lab zone where all of my servers are running. And the current issue that I have with this architecture is that when my home assistant container is running on a production server in the pro network, it does not have a direct connection to all the other devices located in my LAN zone, which particularly became a problem with the Apple HomeKit because if you want to connect some Apple HomePods, these little Siri mods, because with Home Assistant, you have to put them all in the same local network so they can find each other because the Apple HomeKit integration sends and receives some broadcast packets to the local network which is usually not routed across different network segments. So I thought the best decision to come around that problem in my current setup is to just separate the home assistant deployment and put this on a new small home server that is located in the same private network as the Siri HomePods and all the other Wi-Fi devices which is honestly a perfect task for this new ZMA board here. also because it is super easy to deploy these type of self-hosted applications and containers on the new ZMA operating system that comes pre-installed on the Zema board 2. Yeah, Zema just created their own operating system called Zemo OS which was originally introduced for the ZMA Cube. By the way, that device I've also reviewed here on this channel a while ago and at first I have to say I wasn't too excited about ZMOS, especially on the ZMA cube because it was really an early version that was missing some, at least in my opinion quite important features for NAS devices. Other Linux based operating systems such as Unraess or Open Media Vault, they just come with more features and did a better job here. But I have to admit that over time I start to like ZOS more and more because with every new version it gets better. And I think the current version 1.4 that I've tested on the new Zmo 2 is in a pretty good shape. All of the important settings that we were missing before are now included in the web UI such as configuring the network settings, SSH access, and storage. And they really fine-tuned a lot of these areas in the system. One area where the ZOS really shines is the integrated app store where you can easily install hundreds of different self-hosted containers and applications, but also drill into some of the details like adjusting advanced settings for the container deployments including network settings, mount points, environment variables and device pass through settings. So if you know these things from Docker, you will quickly feel very comfortable here. So I think a simple application server is a really great use case for a Zemaot 2. But you could also think about using it as a NAS device if you connect two hard drives to the SATA ports because creating a redundant storage pool in Zmos is now also possible and very easy and straightforward. You could also use the integrated file manager to easily upload and share files across your home network or you could use the pretty cool integrated feature peerrop. Furthermore, because the Zemo 2 now also has a faster Intel N150 CPU, it should be totally sufficient to run one or two small virtual machines on the integrated KVM manager in Zemos. Of course, this still doesn't have all the features of a Proxmox or Trunet operating system. But as I said earlier, Zimos just continues to improve in its current state. Zimmos on the new Zmabot 2 is the first project where I'm personally using it as my main operating system. But of course, I'll keep you up to date about this project. All right, so that's basically all about the hardware and the operating system of the new Zema Tour. I still owe you the numbers of my benchmark and power consumption testing. So, let's quickly go through that as well. This is the Geekbench score that I got with the new Zema 2 prototype. And as you can see, the Intel N150 is an absolute beast. It's actually a lot faster than the old Zemabot. If you just compare the single and multi-core CPU scores, you can see a big improvement here. But it is also faster than many of the competitive devices, for example, a Raspberry Pi, even in the latest generation 5. And you could also see that it is a little faster than any device with an Intel N100, which is a pretty common CPU that you will find in many other devices like this. So, the improvement from the Intel N150 over the N100 is not that big, but it is still noticeable, and I think it will set the new ZMA 2 apart from most of the other Intelbased mini PCs. The numbers of the power consumption test are also very impressive. Honestly, guys, I didn't expect anything higher than 6 or 7 watts on idle, and that's also the case for the Zemaot prototype. Overall, I think these are great numbers for a small device like this, and you can really build a power efficient and fast Homelap server with this little thing. So guys, I can't wait for the final product to be released. Maybe I'll buy one or two others if I got some use cases in my HomeLab. Again, if you still want to take part in the Kickstarter campaign, check out the link in the description box down below. And as always, a huge thanks goes out to all of my members and supporters on Patreon. And now also on YouTube, I just reactivated the YouTube membership program. So check that out if you want to support me a little making all of these free videos and tutorials. And thanks everybody for watching. Of course, I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== What hardware runs in my HomeLab in 2025? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QlawuxRY00

Hey guys, this is Christian and today we're taking a complete tour of everything that I'm running in my home lab because there have been a couple of changes since the last home lab tour that I made around 2 years ago. So, I thought it might be a good time to review everything that I've got so far with you together. Starting with my current network architecture to just show you how all of the devices that I got are connected to each other. I will also go in a bit more detail on the actual equipment. So, what type of components I'm using in my home lab and explain why I've made certain decisions and furthermore, even if I honestly hate to talk about that, I also have to address the biggest pain points in my home lab. So, show you what's not working well and what is my plan to at least improve or fix it in the future. Because yeah, even though this might seem like a decent home lab to you, it's far from perfect. And I always have new ideas for future projects or things that I would like to improve. But let me stop talking and let's just go through it one by one. Quickly before we do that, I'd like to highlight the sponsor of today's video, Remotely. Remotely is a remote access tool for your work and games, which is a super fast, secure, and incredibly simple way to jump into your Windows PC from anywhere. And it even lets you play games with full 4K HDR support and 60fps. That sounds pretty cool for all the gamers watching right now, but it is also useful for CIS admins or tech support people to control the mouse and keyboard, transfer files or record sessions. It is super simple to use. So, you just start remotely on your computer. It generates a strong connection ID that you can use to connect to this machine, which you might remember from another popular remote access software. But let me tell you, remotely has a few unique advantages over similar applications. So, first of all, it allows you to set up a private relay server that you can completely self-host in your own infrastructure. And it's also using modern protocols and hardware acceleration like HVC encoding to make the connection really fast, secure, and efficient. And the best for home users, it has a free tier with one remote session and unlimited peer-to-peer transfers in 4K resolution that you can use for both gaming and remote work as well, which is really cool. So, what are you waiting for? or just download remotely and try it out. Of course, you will find a link to it in the description of this video. All right, guys. So, now let's get back to my home app. And first of all, I want to show you where all of the magic is happening that you see in all of my videos. So, here besides my studio, is a small room, which I have to admit, apart from the home lab, is a complete mess. Yeah, because it's mostly just used as a storage room for each and everything that doesn't have a better place somewhere at home. But yeah, just don't look at it. Yeah, better focus on my big server rack where most of my HomeLab devices and servers are located. And here you can really see all of the equipment that I've got, the cables, the servers, networking and stuff. I think I remember I built this project somewhere around 3 years ago when I routed new network cables. And I have to say it because I've seen so many other YouTubers back these days that have built these big impressive servers. I just wanted to have something similar like that for all of the projects and videos that I'm doing. So that's why I've got this 42 unit open frame server rack from start. And so far after using this 3 years now I can really say that was one of the best decisions that I've made for equipment in my home lab. And having a server rack in a home lab is really amazing because you can mount all of the components that you buy over time more and more of and organize them in a really professional way. And it is of course also super cool to have something like this at home. So when other people just show off with their impressive inexpensive cars or houses, I just show some pictures of my home lab and then I feel good again. By the way, on the wall left of the server rack, I also have some additional devices like a small eight port patch panel which is connected to one of the bigger patch panels in the server rack. So here I just mount some stuff that I need for tinkering and working that doesn't really fit in the wreck. But I'll talk about the actual servers and the other components later. Before that I want to show you my networking setup in a bit more detail because I think this is really the foundation of every home lab. So one thing was really important to me when I planned a new network architecture for my home lab and that was to get good hardware equipment for that. So, I'm talking about a managed switch and huge patch panels and a gateway. And the reason why this was so important to me is that it gives me a lot of flexibility when creating different zones and segments of my home lab, which is awesome for security. But furthermore, real networking hardware also allows you to experiment with certain technologies that are often used in professional IT environments such as VLANs, Lags, routing protocols, things that you usually can't virtualize in a good way. And if you really want to learn these things, you just need some equipment that support these technologies. For instance, I'm running ASOP's XGS2100 firewall as my primary gateway through which all the traffic between the network segments passes. It does a lot of cool things like malware scanning, port and application rules, IDs and IPS, so intrusion detection and prevention. And on top it has many more enterprisegrade security features. Then I also got the Sopos CS 110 switch which connects all of the different devices in my home lab. It is a 24 1 GB Ethernet port and four SFP plus port PoE switch, which is really great because then I don't need a power supply for my Raspberry Pies or the access points. And these two devices are really doing a phenomenal job. So until now there was really no reason to change anything here. The only problem that I have is that I'm running out of SFB plus ports because they are currently all in use for the 10 GB fiber optic connections between the firewall, the switch, and my Proxmox nodes and the NAS. So, at some point, I have to change something about this if I want to connect my Mac Studio with 10 GB, which kind of would be a great thing. So, maybe I just add another small aggregation switch for the 10 GB connections or so. I'm still waiting for Sophas to release something like that, but so far I haven't heard anything about it. So, who knows when this will come out, but that might be the one and only change I'm making in the future regarding the network equipment. I also have one thing that I really never seen anywhere else. Yeah, I have one patch panel at the back of the server rack which is connected to one row of the big patch panel at the front. I've done this because I just wanted to have a simple way to connect the cables that come from my switch to the servers in the rack, which usually have the ports on the back. And guys, I hate to route the cables from the front to the back of the server rack. It's always just a mess inside. For the 10 GB fiber optical cables, I still have to do it unfortunately. But yeah, at least not for all of the copper cables. So that's why I have these two patch panels connected to each other. And of course, I also have another row of the patch panel where some cables are going down in the living room, some are going into the studio and some other ones are going to the small eight port patch panel that you've seen on the wall left to the rack. And to connect everything inside the server rack from the patch panels to the switch, I'm using these network cable management boxes from Patchbox, which I got from a collaboration I did around a year ago with them. And these boxes are really super useful in improving your cable management because you can just pull out the cables and they automatically roll up again when you release them. It just looks cool and it is super clean at the front and you always have a cable with the right length available when you want to change something. That is pretty cool because like I said, I often change things in my home lab. I have to admit one thing, these boxes also take up a lot of space. Yeah, but for me uh that really has been very practical. So no issue so far and I'm still planning to keep these patch boxes. As for the network architecture, I've created a diagram for you and certainly also for me to keep an overview. Yeah, so that tells you exactly how all the devices that I've got are connected to each other. You can see that on the top I have my main router here, which is a Fritzbox that connects to my internet via DSL. Last year, I dropped my primary internet uplink, so gateway prod one, which was based on cable internet in favor of DSL. Honestly, the first gateway with a cable connection was a bit faster, but it was ridiculously unreliable. For whatever reason, Germany is still a disaster in terms of availability and reliability of internet. But hope is there because I've just signed a new contract because the house where I'm living in is finally going to get connected to fiber optic. At least that's what the new ISP has been telling me so far. So maybe at someday I will finally get a fast and reliable internet connection and that I will definitely replace the old gateway pro 2 for DSL with a new gateway production 3 based on fiber. Anyway, my home lab doesn't really care about all of that because everything is just behind my firewall production one. So again, this is the Sopus XGS 2100 which controls everything. And of course, I have connected this firewall to the switch with a so-called trunk port. In the past, I also used an LG of two 10 GB fiber optical cables between the firewall and the switch. But because I needed one more SFP plus board on the switch for the secondary Proxmbox node that I built, I just removed that LIG and I'm now using a single 10 GB fiber optical cable connection between the switch and the firewall. That is totally sufficient. By the way, the trunk port, this is a type of a port that carries the traffic for multiple VLANs. So, virtual local area networks, just to tell you quickly how it works. And uh by the way, I've explained this in my VLANs tutorial in a lot more detail. So, on the firewall, I'm managing VLANs for three different type of zones. Like I have one VLAN for my private local area network. I have created a second VLAN for my production server network called pro. And I also have a third one called DMZ. This stands for demilitarized zone and this is actually an isolated network layer usually for connecting public facing services like websites that I might want to host in my home lab and publish to the internet. It's better to isolate these type of services from the rest of the internal network. So currently because I don't like the idea of public facing stuff in my home lab I'm not using this but I just keep it in case I am changing my mind at some day and I want to do something with it in the future. So all of these VLANs are transported over this trunk port from the firewall to the switch and the switch then assigns the VLANs that I want to individual ports where the correct devices are connected to. And to make it a bit simpler for me to know which zone the actual port is connected to, I've used different colors of the patchbox cables which is really nice in combination with the patchbox system. So blue is for the local network, green are for the uplinks, purple is for my pro network and black is for a separate management uh zone that is not tied to a specific VLAN. Instead, it's using an isolated and separate port on the firewall just to have some sort of local backup connection for switch interfaces and something like that. So if we return to the network architecture diagram, you can see what type of devices are connected to the corresponding VLANs because my primary goal was to isolate all of my private devices like my TV, my Xbox, the Wi-Fi access points, and the private phones and laptops from the HomeLab production network where all of the services that I'm running and testing. And because they are connected to the firewall, I can use the rules in the Sopus XG to better control what network traffic specifically is allowed to go from one segment to another. And of course, I also can apply filtering and scanning rules on this traffic. There's only one small server that is called server production 8, which is new, and this is connected to my private LAN. This is, by the way, the second ZMA board that you might have seen. And yeah, this looks pretty new because I'm working on a new video reviewing the prototype of the Zema Board 2. So stay tuned for that. That's going to be pretty cool. And this device I'm planning to use for just Home Assistant because I had a problem with some devices like the Apple HomeKit having to be connected to the same Wi-Fi network. And to avoid having to do some complicated routing between the two VLANs, I just put this small server into the private VLAN. then it's simpler for me to manage and it just works. But the other servers are of course connected to the production VLAN. So this is where my Proxmox cluster is running called pre-production one and the two nodes px prod one and two. In this Proxmox cluster I'm running several virtual servers with the Ubuntu Linux OS mainly from server pro one to prot 6 and an alexe container for my AI workloads. The servers pro 3, four, five, and six also form a Kubernetes cluster together, which I'm actually not using anymore. I just put everything that I want to run in Kubernetes on my new Raspberry Pi cluster that I built last year, but we'll talk about this thing later on. Then there's also my unrated NAS, which is called NASRO 2 because that basically replaced my old NASRO one that I was running with true NAS. And then there's also another small ZMA bot, the server pro 7. This small device is my primary DNS server and I'm using it for all of the name resolutions in my entire home network. It is sometimes a good idea to have as minimal physical dependencies as possible. So if I want to restart my entire Proxmox nodes and shut down the entire server rack for whatever reason. So that's why I thought it might be a good idea to separate these type of critical services on another small power efficient device because it doesn't need to be fast. It just has to be power efficient and just run 24/7. By the way, if you're wondering why I don't go into too much detail about the containers, the uh virtual machines, the Kubernetes clusters in this video, I'm preparing a second video about my home lab stack. So, where I talk about the operating system, this the platforms, the service apps, and all of that stuff in a lot more detail. So, hopefully it's going to be released 2 weeks from now. So, if you don't want to miss that and you like these kind of videos, then do me a favor, hit the like button and subscribe. That would be really amazing. But yeah, so far this is basically the entire network architecture that you've seen here. I think from a technology perspective, uh this is pretty close to what I've learned and saw in the IT industry when I was working as an IT service technician. Of course, on a much smaller scale. Yeah, companies might have more devices. Uh they might use other protocols and technologies like spanning tree, BGP, OPF and these kind of things. But still I think I built this structure with some cool technologies like VLANs multiple zones enterprise grade firewall rules protection APE switch. So here I can basically practice and learn how to actually administer a small network environment that you would see in the industry. So that's why I put a lot of effort into building this infrastructure. All right guys, so I know networking is a vast topic but I think this is really so important to have a solid architecture in your home lab for all of the projects that you're doing and for the server infrastructure I kind of try to follow the same principles. So I tried to use many technologies that you also find in the industry just for practicing like virtualization, network attached storage, high availability. One thing though that I fundamentally do different and what you would never see in a company environment is that I'm building all of my servers that you see in the rack myself. So all of these servers are based on regular consumer hardware. I don't use professional rack servers in my home lab as you might know them from Dell, HP, and other brands. Not only because they are mostly not really power efficient, especially the older generations that you can buy for cheap money on eBay. No, my biggest problem with these professional rack serve equipments are that they are extremely loud. Usually, you don't care about noise in a company environment. Yeah, since you typically have them all in a separate room where it doesn't matter to you. But as you can see, this room where I have my home lab is just right beside my studio where I'm working the entire day. I sometimes even have to leave the door open because in the attic it gets so warm here, especially in the summer. Just imagine I had some professional rack servers besides my desk where all of the fans are running at maximum speed. It would be impossible to work and certainly impossible to record YouTube videos. So that's the main reason. I honestly don't have anything against the idea of using professional server equipment for home lab. Yeah, it's just not practical for my situation regarding noise and power consumption. That's why I always built these servers using power efficient small-sized equipment with regular consumer components like desktop CPUs, noneCC memory, and fans that are not so loud, but still have enough cooling power in the summer. And these components still provide me a decent amount of computing power for all of my workloads that I like to run the home lab. I mean, I don't have any super extensive computing tasks that I'm running for what I'm doing. Most of the regular desktop CPUs and motherboards are totally sufficient. For example, just take a look at the first Proxmbox node that I'm running in my lab which is called PRX Pro one. So, this machine runs in a two unit rack server case from Silverstone. Here I'm using a minisorum BD70i ITX motherboard and this has an onboard AMD Ryzen CPU with eight cores, 16 threads and I've used 32 GB of memory. This is a fast and silent computer that is running my two primary production Linux VMs, Server Pro one and two. So, these VMs run most of the programs I use daily in my home lab, such as my Docker containers, the monitoring stack, the management tools, and some other applications I'm going to show you in a lot more detail in the second video. And because this is such a power efficient server, I can just leave this on all day, all night. I never had any problems with this being too loud or consuming too much power. Regarding that type of equipment, I can just repeat what I've always said in my reviews videos about Minis Forum. I really start to like this brand more and more because of their small, power efficient, and extremely powerful motherboards with onboard CPUs. By the way, if you're not into big server racks, they also have some interesting mini PCs to build a super tiny home server that fits on a desk or on a shelf. But because I've got this big server rack for all the reason I explained in the beginning, of course, I want to use it. And that's the reason why I mostly have rack servers in my home lab, but with individual components that I built myself. And the other Proxmbox node PX Pro 2 is also using a minis for a motherboard, but a newer version, the BD795M8X motherboard. This has an even faster AMD Ryzen CPU and more memory. It has 64 GB and it also has a massive powerful AMD graphics card, the Radon 7,800 XT, which I primarily use for AI workload. So, some of you might remember my last AI videos about Olama and Open Web UI. And this is also the node where I'm running my testing virtual machines. So, the server test 1 2 3 4 5. I'm using this mostly for the experimental and testing workloads in my lab. So, I don't always have this running. Sometimes I just shut it down to save some power when I'm not working. That's also one use case why I wanted to build a Proxmox cluster with one machine that is running 24/7 and another one that I just can turn on when I need it because it allows me to do some really cool things. For example, I can quickly migrate a virtual machine from one Proxmox server to the other. Like when I'm shutting down this secondary Proxmox node, but I still need that one particular workload running, I can just migrate that over to the first one. and also my server pro one and two. If I need to keep that running for whatever reason when I'm doing maintenance on the first node, I can just migrate it over to the secondary one. Of course, when you're running a two node Proxmox cluster, you have to have a third device at least for quorum volts. So otherwise, it just don't work. And that's another job for the small ZMA board on the wall left of the rack which does the DNS neighbor resolution. So when I'm thinking about it, even it is such a small device, it's actually doing some really critical work. Maybe I have to move that over to another server at some point. But yeah, that's currently how the architecture works. Only problem that I currently have with this setup is, and sure, this is not a huge problem, but this Proxmox cluster is not fully high available. It's redundant because it has two nodes, but high availability would mean something else. It would mean if one of these Proxmox servers dies for whatever reason, that the VMs are automatically migrated and booted up on the other Proxmox node. And this is currently not working with my setup because I don't have a shared or replicated storage for the VM discs. So when I want to migrate a VM from one node to another, it first has to be copied between the nodes which not only takes some time but also in an outage this would never run. Now regarding high availability in Proxmox, there are three solutions that I'm currently investigating. Yeah, maybe I could add a ZFS storage pool with a replication job between the nodes. So then I could at least make the first two critical production VMs high available so that they would automatically boot up on a secondary Proxmox node when the first one goes down. The second idea I also thought about using my NAS with an SCSI shared storage to load the VM disc from so that they don't rely on a local storage or replication. But the main problem is that my NAS currently is not capable of doing that in a performant way. another topic that we also need to talk about in a minute. And the third idea is I could just add a third Proxmbox node and use a distributed storage with Seth. This would allow me to make all the VMs high available because two of the three Proxmox node could easily handle the additional workload. But honestly guys, I'm not willing to invest more money and more power consumption in a third Proxmox node in my lab. I'm so happy with my tunbox cluster and I believe this would just be a waste of money. Even though it would be a fun and interesting project, I agree. But I'm still not convinced by this idea. I think it also wouldn't work great when I frequently want to shut down one of these servers. So adding a third Proxmox node to my home lab probably not the way I want to go. So long story short, true high availability in my home lab seems to be an ambitious project. Maybe the easiest solution would really be to improve my NAS setup so that I can use it as a shared storage with CSSI for the VM discs. Which brings me to the next uh equipment that I need to talk about in my lab, which definitely also need further improvement. My Android NAS the biggest problem that I have with this thing is the hardware specs. Because this build is not based on a minis motherboard, I've used an Astro motherboard with an Intel N100 chip. And at first, this sounded like a great idea because my previous server, if some of the guys remember that project, was extremely oversized. And I just wanted to have something smaller, less power hungry than before. So, I assumed using the Intel N100 was a good fit for building a NAS. But honestly, if I compare this to a Mi forum board that I'm using in my Proxmox server, it's not that much more power efficient. Furthermore, the much bigger problem is that the ASRock motherboard only has one M2 interface and one old PCI Express 3.0 slot and only a 1 GB network interface. It even has a much slower CPU compared to a Minis Forum. Looking back, I think it would have been so much better to just use another Minis Forum board, for example, the BD770i. And with this, I could still build a power efficient storage server with unrade, but it would have some additional performance and some other options I could use to build a secondary NVME storage pool for my VM discs to achieve high availability in Proxmox. Or maybe I could run an additional virtual machine on this unrated server, for example, a Proxmox backup server. Now, still I won't say that this entire project with the unrated server was a terrible idea. I'm still pretty happy with choosing Unrid as the operating system because I really like the Unrate array because this provides me a super efficient cold storage solution with all of the magnetic hard drives which is great for storing backups and large files like my video projects and so on. But for a hot storage solution, the Android array is not great. So I would need another storage pool in Android which you definitely can do with Android. So, I could add a ZFS or BTRFS pool with some fast drives just like I've done it for the SSD caching, but I think I would have to put more drives into this pool. And having an additional PCI Express or another M2 slot on this storage server build would really be amazing. Maybe it would be a great idea to switch the motherboard that I currently have in my first Proxmox node, the BD770i, to this Unrade server. So then it would replace the SRock board with the Intel N100 chip. And for the first Proxmox node, I would just buy another minis forum BD795M. So the same model that I'm using in the second node. Then I have two Proxmox machines with the exact same setup, which would also be even better for achieving high availability. But yeah, these are my thoughts about changing things on the Proxmox and storage front. So there are still a lot that I can improve there and some cool projects that I would like to do in the future. But still be patient. you won't see these kind of videos coming out in the next time because I still need more time to research and test these scenarios. But I'm definitely working on it. So somewhere in this year, I will have to make this upgrade. All right, so I know the video is already too long, but I think we've covered most of the important hardware equipment. There's just one more thing that I quickly want to talk about, and this is the Raspberry Pi Kubernetes cluster that I'm running. And guys, this is also kind of a project that I'm really not happy with. Honestly, the more I'm thinking about this build, the more I believe doing this entire project was a mistake. Maybe I got too inspired by these other YouTubers building these crazy Raspberry Pi clusters and I wanted to have something similar. But looking back, I think that was a bad decision because the Raspberry Pi, even the newest version 5, is really not the fastest computer in the world. If you compare this to an Intel N100, it definitely falls behind. And it also doesn't have an x86 architecture. So you're already kind of limited when it comes to container images and workloads. And furthermore, it also doesn't have a fast network connection. So when I need to take backups or I need to replicate storage, it's also kind of limited. And the entire equipment for this project, like the rack neck case that I got to put the Raspberry Pies all side by side into the wreck is really nice. But boy, this was super expensive. Yeah, I had to buy the case. I had to buy the Raspberry Pies, the NVME drives, the PoE head, some screws and cables to mount everything. Not to forget these LCD screens that I just wanted to have. Still doing this project was a lot of fun, so I don't wholly regret it. But this project I would never do again this way because if you really think about it, if you want to run a Kubernetes cluster at home besides all the other projects that you need to do. I think it would be just better to run this on a few Linux VMs instead of Raspberry Pies. Yeah, just like I've done it in the past because then you would have a fast Kubernetes cluster with an x86 architecture and so on. Especially when I'm planning to make the whole Proxmox infrastructure high available and so on. it just seems to be the better architecture for me. Of course, some people might argue know well you could even run a few virtual machines on Kubernetes but then honestly the entire Proxmox setup is going in the wrong direction. So I think you have two choices here. Either stick to Proxmox running containers in virtual machines and run Kubernetes in virtual in virtual machines or you can go a complete different direction. forget about Proxmox, install a bare metal Kubernetes cluster on some powerful physical servers and then start playing around with something like Harvester and so on. But I still like to keep Proxmox for so many reasons. So that's not the direction I want to go. But either way, this Raspberry Pi cluster project doesn't fit in any of these scenarios. Anyway, I'm still keeping it uh because I've built it. So, I'll continue using it because I already migrated some of the workloads that were running on the first Kubernetes cluster. And maybe occasionally I will do this one or another project with it in the future. But yeah, sometimes you just get a little too excited about projects like this in the first place and in the end you just find out, well, wasn't the smartest decision. Okay guys, congratulations. You have made it to the end. Yeah, that's everything that I'm running in my home lab so far. And as you've heard, there are still some projects that I might want to do during this year, like achieving high availability in the Proxbox cluster, upgrading the storage server, and experimenting with Proxmbox backup server. So, that gives you an idea of some of the projects that I'm working on. But overall, I'm very happy with my home lab as it is today, and I'd love to hear your feedback about it. Please don't be so harsh to me for some of the decisions that I've made. And by the way, if you have a similar home lab project and you just want to share some pictures of it, then check out my Discord. I have created a separate channel where we can share our experience about our home lab projects and you can see what other peoples in our community have accomplished by doing this wonderful hobby. So, please leave me some comments below and join the discord. And as always, thank you so much for watching. A big thanks goes out to all of the supporters, Patreon members, and YouTube channel members. You guys are really the best. You make all of this possible. And thank you so much. Of course, I'm going to catch you in the next video. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== Checkmk, self-hosted IT monitoring for just EVERYTHING! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rb1_7gbgS7k

hey everybody it's Christian and today I will show you the new free and open source monitoring tool check MK that I recently deployed to my home lab and guys this is absolutely fantastic because it can monitor nearly everything that is running on your infrastructure from physical servers and networking devices to virtualization hosts the virtual machines themselves and of course dock on containers that is really important for me and the cool thing is that Jack MK automatically scans every host itself to find out what services are actually running on it and then it monitors them like the CPU load the memory disc utilization systemd services but also running VMS and containers you can even add very specific services to monitor like the quarum status for the proxmox Clusters can be monitored and what is pretty cool it shows you all of this stuff in a nice and Rich web interface where you can really drill down into all of the details and get performance statistics inspect locks or get alerts it is really super cool but it is huge yeah checkmk is a really powerful system that is a beast on its own so that's why check MK reached out to me and asked if I'd like to create an in-depth tutorial for you guys how to install and set it up and yeah here we are so thanks check MK for sponsoring this one and because we have a lot of stuff to cover today let's get right into it okay guys so before we start let us take a quick look at the website of check MK because here you can get more information about their scalable automated and extensible it monitoring platform as I said it offers many many different features it is also highly automated because you can configure everything using a rest API if you want and it is really a robust platform that can scale to support hundreds of thousands of hosts but what I personally love the most about this platform is that it has a free and op Source version that is here called The Raw Edition and this really comes with a huge feature including all of the monitoring plugins of course the Enterprise cloud and MSP versions they add a bunch of more stuff to it like it has auto registration of host this is really helpful if you have a big infrastructure with hundreds of different uh machines and containers and you want uh check MK to automatically discover them and it supports a bunch of very specific stuff it gives you two Factor authentication and so on but I think it's still cool that they have most of the Integrations like add up and active directory support still in the Raw Edition available and also integrate with other stuff like Prometheus and grafana this is also pretty cool and yeah so you can see the raw Edition already comes with a lot of stuff that is really useful to monitor a small environment or a Home lab now if you want to download and use checken K on your own infrastructure you just go to download and then you can select a platform install it on a Linux operating system use Docker or a separate Appliance now in this tutorial we will of course focus on the raw Edition the free an open source version installing this in a darker container using darker compost which is my preferred choice of deploying anything but I I want to mention at this point here just because I'm deploying it in a Docker container it doesn't necessarily mean that it's the best in the optimal way of deploying it for a monitoring solution that monitors your entire infrastructure you usually want to have as few physical dependencies as possible so it might be a good idea to set it up on a separate appliance that is just there for monitoring everything but I think in a small homelet environment it is not a bad idea to do it this way here in the documentation or in the download section they also have some instructions on how you can easily run this with a simple doer command but of course if you're watching my tutorials you know that I have my own repository for managing deployment templates that is called boiler plate so here you will find all of my uh deployments for darker compos you will find templates for anible kubernetes proxmox terraform and all of that stuff and here in the docker compos directory I've created a new uh project for checkmk with a compost. yaml file that we can use to Simply deploy this on one of my testing servers we will quickly go through this compost file so you know what's happening here and how you can adjust it according to your needs but uh let us first of all connect to one of my testing servers here so I just take the server test one again so that's my primary server for doing these tutorials and it start with a new directory called check MK NCD into that all right so here of course I want to open this remote connection in vs code because that's a lot easier so let's connect to my server and just go into the check MK directory so here I want to create a new compost. yml file paste everything from the GitHub repository and what we also going to need is because we have some Secrets here we want to create a new file that is called EnV where I set a cmk password so this is not always necessary uh because when you don't set a password it usually starts generating a random one but I think in my templates it is a good idea to set this password by yourself you can also by the way change it later it doesn't really matter but uh if you want to set a password that is predefined St like test test for this test Appliance that's fine and what we also need is the cmk side variable so checkmk is a huge platform that can have several sites and you want to have separate monitoring instances that do separate things you don't have to deploy multiple checkmk containers you can also just deploy multiple checkmk sites so these are managed inside the container and usually if you have one small environment like I have it is enough to just create one cmk site that you just use for everything now keep in mind that the version 2.4.0 latest is still in beta at the time of recording this video however I've tested it in my home lab and it's working great so if you want to go the safe route just go to the checkmk documentation and check what is the current latest version here you can see it's a 2.3.0 so then we have three ports that I currently exposed in this template the first Port 8,000 this is needed for the communication between chech MK and the agent using TLS the port 5000 this is the web interface Port of check MK if you're using a reverse proxy on your server something like traffic or caddy or whatever you like to use you can remove this port and instead use the reverse proxy to connect to the internal ports 5000 of the check MKS container and the port 162 this is a port that I'm using for SNMP monitoring this is probably something you don't need I just barely want to address SNMP in this tutorial because I think that is really a very specific thing and then we have one volume here that is the persistent volume that stores all the data about the checkmk sites that you have created here and because I'm using a traffic reverse proxy I also connected it to my frontend network so where my proxy is running and I've also created some labels that traffic will pick up to expose the port 5000 with a secure https connection trust the TLs certificates that are issued by cloudflare I I bet you have all watched my traffic tutorial video if not then there's a good chance now to to check it out I'll link it in the description but here I just want to customize a few things here for example the host um rule here I want to customize to check MK um server test one. home. crave. where traffic is listening for incoming requests and forward it to the port 5,000 of the check MK container so therefore we don't need to expose the port 5,000 anymore we are accessing it through traffic support 8,000 we still leave open for the agent TLS communication and registration functions and SNMP of course still needs to be open but apart from that I think there's everything uh configured correctly that we need so we can just go back to the terminal as we have created our template and just hit the docker compose up command so this now starts a container creates a persistent volume and just want to take a quick look at the locks file so here you can follow it because it's Now setting up a bunch of things as I said checkmk is a huge uh application that requires a bunch of different service applications to run in the background such as the nagios monitoring system that it's built upon and once you start it you can also see in the locks that um here the password is elist so if you wouldn't have created this password in the compost file you would see the random password here and the default administrative user is cmk admin so now when you see this here container started all the services are up and running you should check if you can connect to the checkmk instance and let's see if I can connect to it so now it's loading so that's usually a good sign and here we are so now let's loog in with cmk admin and the password test tests log in and here we are so now we have deployed checkmk know one thing before I go through the web interface and show you around and explain how this system works I first want to also show you one different thing here uh let's exit this lock here for now and let's open a new shell inside the container so Docker execute an interactive uh terminal in the container checkmk and we will just uh run bin bash so inside the container's fight system you can do some administrative tasks on checkmk and I think it's important to know these commands uh for example one thing that is important is the OMD command this is the managing interface so here you can see what sites you have currently running so if you execute OMD sites you can see that we have created one site and if you want to see what's the current status you can also check if all the services inside the container are up and running or if there are any problems so this is important to know by the way this is also the place where you can configure the SNP uh trap so when you go to add-ons here you can enable the MK event D for SNMP traps suslock and these kind of things so that you might need but I don't want to go in too much detail here at this point and exit the container because I think to get easily up and running I think it's it's better to just go through the web interface show you how this system works and deploy one or two host so that you can see how to monitoring stuff all right so um I don't want to do this on my test instance because honestly it's not so exciting here is there nothing to see so let us quickly switch to my production check MK instance that I've deployed in my home lab so here you can see a lot more stuff so first of all on the sidebar this is the general uh navigation of check MK so here you will find the monitoring uh settings so here you can drill into all of the details about your host for example if I go to all hosts you can see a list of all the hosts that you have created for monitoring and you see on the right side a table with all of the services that are currently monitored how many of the services are up and running how many of the services have warnings and if you would have a critical problem it what marked here as red if there's something wrong or as pending if there is a check not finished yet and it's currently waiting to get response from the host so every host in checkmk has a bunch of different services that are monitored and services can be anything from for example the checkmk agent that is currently monitored that reports a summary of the anent version the operating system it's deployed on and it also has a service for the CPU load so this usually reports the Linux CPU load the CPU utilization with a percentage it also has Docker containers as you can see I'm running 22 and also the memory you can see here is a warning so that indic indicates that the memory is above a specific threshold it's usually creating a warning when it's more than 100% committed memory so in my case I've got 123 memory maybe I need to upgrade this virtual machine and give it a bit more memory of my proxmox host that would easily solve this problem and it would create a critical warning if the memory committed is above 150% and all of these rules are just built in you don't have to configure them because check MK comes with a huge set of predefined Services thresholds and settings that usually just work out of the box of course you can customize many many things here like if you go to setup this is where you um create your different hosts you can add new ones you can add services and so on you can add monitoring rules to these Services discover new things to monitor here you have many many rules and customization options you can also go to the users menu here create administrative users can create users with other Privileges and so on but I really would like to keep it simple for this first tutorial because it's really huge and by the way what I have't explained here on the right side there is a an overview bar so this gives you a quick overview of all of the hostes that are deployed the services and how many unhandled uh warnings or problems you have in your infrastructure all right so yeah if we return to my um hosts here in the setup menu I would love to walk you through the general process of how you set up a new host and how you add different services to monitor them so for example I'd love to monitor my server test one which is actually just a virtual machine on my secondary proxmox host so here it is and I like to monitor this machine you can see the memory consumption is also in a critical level probably now with checkmk I can finally easily find out and get notified about it that's a pretty cool thing so that's one reason why I just wanted to use this application but first of all before we can um add this as a host in checkmk um we need to install the checkmk agent because checkmk relies on agents or it also does some agentless monitoring using SNMP and apis but I will show you this later usually if you have a Linux machine or a physical machine or a virtual machine it is also recommended to install an agent on these operating systems so when you go in here go to agents you can see there is a list of agents for different systems that you uh can monitor and we will first of all start with a Linux agent so this gives you a huge list of different installation packages and just that you know the agent the packed agent files are here at first like here you can find a DB file or you can find an RPM file depending on what Dory you have you might want to use the one or another but you also have some other utilities um that you can download here but usually all you have to do to deploy a new agent here you just click on that file download it upload it to the new Linux VM and install it so here I will just do it this way I will copy the link because um the agents can download it from checkmk without authentication which is pretty cool so let's go back to the terminal and let's um just use W get and that's that's it the engine is relatively small you can see it here once you have downloaded the DM package you can easily install it using sudu dpkg d I and then the file so I currently I have installed some version of checkmk but I want to just install the new version on it and then it's creating a system D service it automatically starts the agent service on the Linux host and then we can return back to checkmk go to set up host and create a new host entry for the testing server so I just want to give it the name server test one and by the way if this is a virtual machine that is running on proxmox it is a good idea to use the same name as you have defined in Pro so this will have an adventure later on but um yeah we will talk about that in a in a few minutes and then you can also Define on which side it is monitored um if it has any parents permissions and stuff on Alias but usually the only thing that you need to do at this point here if you have deployed the agent you have to enter the IP address of This Server here so um I have an ipv for only on this machine and just going to return to the shell and currently check which IP address it has so that should be that one here and then you can also specify some other monitoring stuff usually by default it will try to check if there is an API integration configured if not it will use the check MK agent to receive the monitoring information so that's what we have installed so and that is the default value I think that's great uh SNMP you can enable here but again we're not going through it in this tutorial and once you filled in this information you can just click on save and run a service Discovery so at this point checkmk starts connecting to the server using the IP address and it tries to see if there is an agent installed on the host and because we have installed the checkmk agent you can see it automatically discovers so depending on which services are running on a host you will see them popping up in the service Discovery and then you can just click on that small uh plus icon to add them to your monitoring uh system for example we want to monitor the check MK agent we want to monitor the CPU load the CPU utilization the dis IO summary honestly I'm not so interested in it the docker containers I also want to monitor uh by the way I have to show you one thing about that here but you can also monitor the docker dis usage I think the memory I definitely want to monitor because here you can already see there's a warning again as you have seen uh I'm running out of memory on this host and there seems to be one system D service critical so one system is in a failed State you can see it's the open ipmi that is for whatever reason happening on all my VM host I will need to take care of this but because I remember that I have to do that I will add it to the monitoring list as well and yeah here just like I told you you can add more stuff to it depending on what you need and once you have decided what service you want to Monitor and what services you don't want to monitor you can disable the undecided Services by the way you can later enable them again if you want but here you just go to actions and click on disable undecided Services by the way just one quick tip I'd like to add at this point here in this tutorial I'm mainly adding all of the services that I like to monitor manually in the service Discovery view however there's also a simpler and faster way to monitor just everything on the host which probably also makes a lot more sense for you because if you click on accept all in the action tabs menu it automatically adds all of the newly discovered services to the monitored list without having you to go through the list one by one and this is not only faster it also has an advantage because it doesn't cost you anything to monitor all the services on the host and in that case you won't miss any issues that might occur in the future even if they just seem okay in this view but it's basically up to you how and what you want to monitor just keeping this in mind as a quick tip it's better to monitor as much as you can and then only disable the checks that you definitely know are not needed and uh what checkmk also does is it will automatically attach labels to these hosts depending on what type of services are running on it for example it adds the device type VM so you can later query with the host labels what are the different VMS in my monitoring stack and so on it also attached the docker object note because this is a note that is running darker containers OS family Linux because it's a Linux OS Ubuntu now to accept these automatically discovered labels you just go to actions and click on update host labels and then we have configured a new host but you might have noticed one thing special at the top right corner there is a yellow warning sign that says 10 plus Changers and this is something really specific about checkmk because anything you change in the monitoring system is not automatically applied to the production uh config so if you change anything in the setup or on the monitoring host these are pending changes and you first of all have to accept them until they become live on the system this is also a super useful feature I quickly want to highlight because especially in large environments where a lot of people are making changes it allows you to review the entire config and correct any misconfigurations before they go live on the production infrastructure so that is really useful and you also see a username and a time zone here in that l list to really drill into all of the details and changes and once you definitely know that you want to activate them here you can restart the site to activate all of these changes or you click on that button here above so let's click on it now it's activating it and because it's a very small environment it's finished in like two seconds or so it's really really fast so then I can go back to monitor my main dashboard or better let's go to monitor all host so then you should see the new enterer server test one here you can see all the different services that are currently monitored with the status the performance metrics statistics and visualizations again you we see the systemd services here is reported as critical the memory warning now one thing that you might have noticed here is the check MK agent also has a warning and that is because tless is not activated on the monitoring host because by default if you add a new host that is running an check MK agent checkm will reach out to that host and collect information from that agent but it is not pushing it over a secure connection using TLS so that's what we definitely have to fix to submit all of this information in a secure way to the main instance and the way you do this is you go to the host agent so where you have deployed the agent and register the agent with your checkmk instance and the way you do this is you just go into the terminal and use cmk agent CTL tool so if you execute that you can see here you can re register with a new checkmk site and you can also do some administrative tasks reset the registration renew the certificate and so forth so what we have to do here is we have to use the register command and then we want to set the server to our checkmk instance so here I'm just going to copy the server name not the https that's important and then we want to connect to the site cmk user I will use my cmk admin user account and set the host name now this is the host you want to monitor server test one so now it's um getting you the certificate of the check MK production instance of the port 8,000 so remember we didn't forward this to the reverse proxy this is using the self uh signed certificate that is generated by the cmk local CA and now we need to enter the password of the administrative user again on my testing instance as was test test now I have to fill in my production instance password and then the registration should be complete so now once that is done we can return back to checkmk and if we refresh it probably takes some time and that warning should go away but you can also force a rescheduling uh event for the monitoring services for each of them if you click on reschedule checkmk service the warning has gone away all right perfect so now we just need to take care of these two things here what I will later do after recording this video I promise so one thing I have to explain because um one thing that is usually not happening by default and I forgot to um fix this before recording this video uh you can see here that check MK automatically monitors these stard containers so this automatically popped up any service Discovery usually this is not the case because by default the checkmk agent does not monitor the docker engine however as I said in the beginning of this tutorial checkmk is highly extensible you can add custom plugins and you can even write your custom scripts and programs that will report monitoring events to check MK and the way you do this is you have to go to the host and add or install plugins that monitor specific services and usually you just have to download these files that are listed in the menu you can just go in here to set up and go to agents Linux so here in this long list you can see these scripts and there is also a section that is called plugins and here you will find some pretty cool things here for example the MK dockerpi so this will um automatically monitor the docker engine that is running on the host and the way how you install it is pretty simple you just click on copy the link just like with the agent go to your host and then go into the user lip check MK agent SL plugins directory so here you can see I've downloaded the docker plugin this is just a regular python script you can just take a look at and customize it if you like one thing that is pretty important for the agent to execute these plugins you have to add the 755 file permissions so that the checkmk agent has the Privileges to execute this script in this directory so only then the agent will uh run these plugins so once you have done that place the plugins in the folder with the right privileges the check in K agent will automatically run them then these additional services that are discovered by the plugins will pop up in these service Discovery and with these plugins you can really monitor a bunch of cool things I will later on show you um how to monitor our file systems or the proxmox host and so on we will go through that in a minute but I think when we are at this point here monitoring Docker containers I think I should show you how exactly to monitor actual dock containers and this is also pretty easy you just have to add the darker containers that are running on your host that you're monitoring in checkmk as regular host so for each container you have to add a new host here for example you can see I'm running traffic production one this is a simple darker container and with this uh host I can monitor the containers uh memory utilization the up time the container status and so on and usually the way you monitor these containers is you take the container ID and add a new host and then you can monitor it however I didn't like the idea of adding the container ID instead I wanted to use the container name for example maybe I just want to monitor my git lab Runner here so why not I think that's a pretty good idea and the way how you do this is CD Etc check MK this is where the configuration files of check MK are let's go back to setup um let's go to Linux and there there are example configurations so here in example configurations you can see Docker minimal. CFG but that's not what we want we want this here the docker do CFG file so let's copy the link here sudu W get and place it here in the etra checkmk directory and for this configuration file we don't need to give it any specific permissions here but if we take a look at this file you can see that this um has one configuration entry to replace the container ID with the name here for example it is pretty important that when you're running containers on multiple Docker hosts all of the container names are unique so once you have added the um configuration file here you can go back to setup host and just add a new host let's go back to my testing server for example if I want to monitor yeah I wanted to monitor the gitlab runner here so let's copy this name here place it in here as the host name so now it is important because a container is not a VM it doesn't have an agent installed somewhere uh checkmk will gather the monitoring information from the parent host where this container is running and not by connecting to an IP address so therefore we click on IP address family and enable no IP and what we also have to do is we need to disable the IP Integrations and the checkmk agent because otherwise it to connect to a checkmk agent that is not existing for this container so let's select no IP Integrations no checkmk agent and then click on save and run service Discovery so now when you've done everything correctly when the check MK agent running on the parent host can successfully gather the information from your Docker engine because you have installed the plugin and you have added the docker CFG that uses the name instead of the ID you should see the undecided Services of the container are popping up here in the service Discovery and now we can enable um the monitoring for example of the container status so when the container is stopped check MK will notice it generate a warning and um you can generate notifications about anything that's going wrong you can also monitor the memory consumption of your container the up time I think that's important the other stuff I think we don't need so we will just disable the undecided services update the host labels and we're done no we're not done one think I almost forg got is enable or act activate the changes that we have um configured and now when we go to monitoring you can see there is our new entry for the gitlab runner and then it just starts monitoring this container so I know this might seem a bit annoying to go through all of your containers your Docker hosts and add all these things manually in the checkm Ki so just as a reminder the paid versions of check MK have an autodiscovery feature that will definitely help you with the task in your production environment but if you're using the raw open source Edition there is still a possibility to do that I won't go through it in this video because otherwise it might be two hours long but just that you know it there is an anible collection for check m k to have a programmatic way to add these hosts that will of course also enable you to install the agent register the agent at host and so on by the way I'm currently working on this in my home lab environment managing all of this stuff through anible instead of doing it in the UI if you want to see a separate tutorial about that please let me know in the comments because then I can go back to check K and say hey look Community is happy to learn more about it so that would be a nice feedback for me so let me know if you want to see an anable video about checkmk it would be nice all right so now that we have everything I just want to show you uh one more thing here and that is how to monitor prox Mo I think we can go through this pretty quickly because we're learned everything that is needed like how to add host and stuff so let's go through it let's go to host because currently as you can see I have added my proxmox production one here but of course I have a secondary proxmox server so I want to install that as well again uh first of all let's go to Linux because on proxmox It's usually the same process so you install the agent so just open a shell to my PRX production 2 download the check MK agent sudu DP KGI check MK install it and it's activated and it should be up and running so now let's go back to set up hosts and add a new host for this PX prod 2 of course I need to add the IP address family I think it's five if I can remember correctly and yeah everything else is fine let's click on save and run service Discovery so here you can see all of the services that running on the proxmox host so I want to monitor these things CPU load utilization you have seen that already so I don't need to go through it in detail on proxmox you can see there is a new service here PVE cluster status so this is the coros sync service that I'm using for my high available two node proxmox clusters also pretty nice systemd Services there's the ipmi message again I don't know what that is but I will figure it out everything else I can disable for now and update the host label acknowledge the changes here then I've added the proxar host okay so now there's something pretty cool what you can do in check MK because you cannot just only monitor these Services here on the proximo there's also a proxmox specific integration that will give you more monitoring statistics about the running virtual machines because you can see here we don't see how many VMS are running on this proximo host and what status they have if they're is a problem so what we can do here is um we need to go back to setup and go to VM cloud and container and in this menu you have one setting here for proxmox virtual environment so when we click on that we can add a new rule and here we can just give this a description proxmox monitoring now the way you do this is you just enter here your username your password the port and explicitly attach this rule to your proxmox host so before we can do that we need to go to proxmox and add a monitoring user for checkmk because otherwise I don't want to use the root user to lock in from checkmk to proxmox so therefore I think it's a good idea to just go to a setup go to users and add a new user for check MK so click on add the username is check MK and I will not use the Linux Pam standard authentication instead the proxmox ve authentication server so that is pretty important and give this a password that you like so once we have added the user we can go to permissions and add a new permission a user permission so that this checkmk user gets privileges on the root path to gather the information from proxmox so select the user here and then role I think the role we can use the PVE auditor and this has all the Privileges that are enough for check MK to together the information about the virtual machines let's click on ADD remember to activate propagate of course once we have created this user we can go back to checkmk at the username checkmk at PVE fill in the password that we've just created on procm I think you should also set the port that that is important I guess and disable SSL uh validation if you are using a self signed certificates for your proxmox API and then what you have to do is usually when you create this rule this rule will be attached to all hosts that you're monitoring in your infrastructure and of course we don't want that because we only have two proxmox host here in my infrastructure that I want this rule to apply on so we go to explicit hosts select the host name proxmox production one and proxmox production 2 to attach this rule to all your proo hosts click on Save and of course activate the changes so now there's one thing that um I have to change here because that check here is using the API and by default when you remember when we go to proxmox production 2 there is a default setting that uses the API Integrations if configured and else the checkmk agent of course here we want to have both monitoring possibilities at the same time because we have the API that gathers the information about the VMS from proxmox API but we also have the check MK agent that is reporting the CPU load the memory the system D and so on so we have to enable configured API Integrations and check MK agent at the same time for all of my proxmox hosts so redo that for pro proxmox production one as well and of course acknowledge the changes so now when we go back to our hosts because we have attached this rule to proxx we can go back to service Discovery so then you should see in addition to the monitoring services that we're monitoring and the disabled services there are two new undecided Services popping up that come from the proxmox API monitoring the proxmox ve memory usage and the proxmoxve node information so this you can see that it's currently running one lxc container and 17 qmo virtual machines running on this note and it also reports the subscription and the verion information so of course I want to monitor these two things here that I think that is pretty important and because the discovered host labels have been changed these are the active labels Linux Debian but it also is a proxmox host that is a new label that check MK has attached to the host we also need to click on update host labels all right so now we need to just acknowledge these changes here go back to monitoring and then you should see on the proxmox production 2 the new services that are monitored here so this is how you can monitor your proxo host in checkmk get information about it um receive information about the host the virtual machines and the VMS now there's one more thing that I want to show you here because uh we just talked about the plugins um for the agent when we were talking about monitoring the docker Integrations now on your proxmox host you might have running a few other things here for example um when you go to my proxmox instance you can see I'm using an lvm for storage so the proxmox is not a Linux discs it's using an lvm storage and maybe if you have deployed a ZFS storage on proxmox you might want to get information about this as well and that you can do with the check MK agents that's pretty cool so let's go in here let's go once more to the agents because there are some cool plugins here for example one plugin that I am using is the lvm plugin so this is a really small plugin that just reports back the current dis utilization of the logic of The Logical volumes and the volume groups so let's copy this link and again just uh go to my proxo server to go into the user lip checkmk agent plugins directory and download the lvm plugin all right so of course we need to give it the right privileges I still want to do one more plugin here um the smart plugin so this is pretty cool I just need to just need to find it where it is so where is the Smart plugin I think a search function would be really nice in here just an idea check MK team ah I think I found it here so here we have the smart plug-in that reports the status of the physical discs here so let's put it in here as well and what we now have to do of course is to change the permissions to 755 to both files in the checkup K agents so then the checkmk agent can execute these two plugins and when we go back and enable this let's go back to the host prox MOX 2 and go to service Discovery and now we have to do a rescan now you can see there are some new information popping up here all right so we have the logical volume here here with a data usage of about 50% so we want to monitor this so that one here the critical warning about the volume group of PVE so this is reporting the utilization that all the storage is used by logical volumes so I think I don't need to monitor this that just shows that all of the physical dis space is used by virtual volumes so when you compare it to this year that's a size that is still available on the local lvm that's what I need but what is also pretty nice if we go uh up here you can see the smart values for the nvme you can see here okay that's interesting the temperature of the internal nvme drive is above the warning of 35 degrees so I don't know if that's really a problem maybe I would have to add a cooler to this nvme drive would be nice to be notified about it so let's monitor the statistics and the temperature as well as the temperature of the SDA and sdb I think these are the two SSD drives that I also added to this and yeah I think that's all I have to monitor for this proxmox host so let's disable the undecided Services the host labels haven't changed so that's fine we can just acknowledge the changes and now if we go back we have a pretty decent monitoring solution enabled for my entire home lab so we have enabled the dis utilization of the lvm storage the the smart values of the physical hard drives system Des Services CPU memory even the virtual machines and the running proxmox cluster state with quarum nodes so I think this is really nice this gives you a great overview of everything that is running in a home lab I still want to show you one more thing and I know we're a bit over time because the video it's already too long but I think this is so important because you might wonder okay so I can monitor my hose I can monitor the containers proxim XMS but what about any custom services like websites DNS databases how do you actually do this now that is important to understand the concept behind it as every service has to be attached to a host I'm running a bind DNS server in a darker container so I've added a new host for my container that is called DNS prod one the same as the container name to monitor the container status but I also added an active check to this container to make a DNS query to see if the DNS server is functional so I not only get notified when there is a problem with the container itself but also with the DNS service inside the container and you can enable those checks for a any HTTP web service TCP Port you want to monitor ping request email and stuff in here in the service rules when you go to http TCP and email so here you can add check host with a ping you can send a ping request to um specific IP addresses you can add a DNS check service you can add TCP Port connection you can check web services and also get a certificate check so you get notified about any certificates that might expire in a few days um you can also add sntp Services SFTP Lup um IMAP mailboxes so there is so much you can monitor in here I just want to show you this one example with the DNS service that I have configured and then it's up to you how you can expand this to your environment so here I have created a new rule that is called DNS prod one DNS monitoring so here I have set the query host Ino IP address so this is the DNS query U like an NS lookup for this name here for example that's just a test right and my DNS server is the IP address of the DNS server that I want to Monitor and I can also expect a specific answer so when the IP address uh of the DNS lookup for the server production one is not responding this IP address um check MK will generate an error so that is the expected DNS answer that I want to get from the server and now what I am doing is I will run this on this explicit host here the DNS production one and then it's running uh this DNS request every few seconds and I get notified about any anything that is going wrong on my DNS server and just like that you can go and add more rules here for example for TCP Port connections here for example for the TCP Port you want to connect attach this to the relevant host where you want to run this check and this is how you add custom services to monitor basically anything that you want in your network all right guys so uh these are just a few quick examples of what you can all do with check MK as I said in the beginning this software is huge and as you probably have seen you can do so many more cool things with it but in the future we might explore some other topics like I already um discussed SNMP uh which is a big section I might cover in the future or what I'm also currently um looking at is how to automate the host and service management with anible collection because it's a lot of work to add all these different containers hosts and everything manually especially if you've got such a big home lab like me and you have so many deployments and you're using the raw Edition so therefore I think the anible collection of check and K will be really useful so again I'm currently working on this please let me know in the comments if you like to see that and of course I want to hear from you guys what is your opinion about check MK do you use it in your own home lab or consider using it and as always thank you so much for watching Everybody a huge Thanks goes all to all of my members and supporters on patreon you guys are really the best and you make all of these videos possible and of course yeah I'm going to catch you in the next tutorial take care bye-bye

=== New Docker Hub pull rate limits? What you have to do… ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNkLbT_2JQg

hey guys it's Christian and today we need to talk about the recent change in the docker Hub rate limits that you should definitely be aware of if you're pulling container images from the docker Hub which I think almost everybody watching this channel sometimes does so this is really a Hot Topic everybody needs to know because starting on April the 1st one day after publishing this video and no this is no joke the dockerhub usage and limits will be updated to only allow 10 PS per hour for unauthenticated user and 100 PS per hour for every authenticated user with a free account so otherwise if you go beyond that you'll be rate limited and that means you won't be able to pull down new container images at least for 1 hour now this definitely will become a huge problem for many many people especially in automation pipelines that usually are not authenticated to the docker Hub but frequently have to pull new container images to run their execution tasks remember in one of my last videos where we talked about gitlab cicd yes this is exactly where this will become a problem for us so yeah this definitely will become annoying however I'm not the one who likes to blame Docker too much for making this change because keep in mind they are maintaining the docker Hub this massive platform that literally everybody uses to host container images entirely for free so I can somehow understand why they wanted to make this change yeah and limiting the request from the free users and giving somebody at least a reason to buy the premium Docker up subscription but yeah it definitely will introduce a bunch of issues even gitlab has released a blog post about this change where they talk about the new pull rate limits and what that actually means for gitlab cicd pipelines so here they address all of these issues and explain what's going to happen the cool thing is that they also tell us how to mitigate these challenges for example they added one new feature in the gitlab dependency proxy that will allow AO ated pipelines to authenticate to the docker Hub which will increase the rate limits to 100 PS per hour instead of just 10 of course there are also some other ways around it like dockerhub is of course not the one and only container registry that you can use you can think about just using a different container registry that is still free like the gitlab container registry this is all built into their platform and of course this also means you can self Host this in your environment so when you're Building containa images in an automation p lines just don't publish them to dockerhub just upload them to gitlab and of course GitHub also has some equivalent solution the GitHub container registry that I'm Sometimes using for publishing my container images that are tied to a GitHub repository so you can see there are definitely ways around it and honestly I wouldn't be surprised if many organizations now start thinking about if they would migrate to another container registry after this change maybe to GitHub or gitlab where their open and Source projects are hosted anyways but of course the docker Hub is still the biggest platform that most of the organizations and container images just use so sometimes so sometimes there are no easy ways around it however I still would like to show you how you can easily increase the rate limit on the docker hub from 10 to 100 because that hopefully is enough for your environment the one thing you have to do when you're pulling down images uh to your local device or maybe uh on a server that you're hosting for example when I connect to my test server here and I want to use Docker P to pull down images without any authentication I can do that 10 times per hour now if I want to increase that I will have to sign up on the doal Hub I either create an account or loog in with an existing one and once you are logged in so then you just click on your profile icon and go to account settings and here you just go to personal access tokens so here you can create a new token that you can use to authenticate to your account you can also create separate tokens for cicd pipelines for example if you want to use that on your local workstation you can create a read write and delete a token that gives you the permissions to do anything on your account but if you're using that just to pull down public repositories for your CCD pip plines you can use the public Repro read only access permission now I still want to uh use one the read only for my private repositories because maybe if you have private container images you also want to pull down these so let's just give it a test token one for example it has no expiration date so let's generate this and then it gives you the commands that you have to use to log in to the dockerhub so here when you log in with your user account you have to fill in the password no this is not your account password this is the token that we've just generated so use it here and then it just says login succeeded we can now pull down container images from our private repositories or from the public repositories with increased rate limits but but one thing that I also want to show you is how do you actually use this in git app cicd pipelines because if youve watched my latest video we have a test Runner that we've created during the video and this is using a Docker executor so every time the git lab Runner has to execute a pipeline it will first pull down a container image to execute all of these steps and the more images you are using in your automation pipelines and the more it's pulling down the latest version you might hit that rate limit pretty fast depending on how many projects you have how many automation pipelines you want to run and how many images you're using in these so therefore it would be useful if the gitlab runner as well would authenticate to the docker Hub so that it can pull down 100 uh images per hour and the way how you do this is if we go back to my testing server and go to the gitlab runners configuration so here we have a config toml file so here remember from my latest video I have explained how you configure this so here's the token here's the docker executor and when you want to add an authentication for the container images that should be started here you have to use the so-called Docker off config data so this authenticates to a container registry with a specifically uh created authentication string this is a combination of the username and password converted to base 64 so here if you scroll down there is an example of what you have to put in to the toml configuration file so here under the runners uh config settings there is an environment variable that you have to set called Docker off config and in here is a Json configuration object that contains the registry and the username and password converted string so let me just copy this here under the runner config settings more specifically here and of course we need to change this authentication string so if you want to use the docker Hub to pull down the images we need to add the URL of the dockerhub registry index. docker.io slv1 and then we need to fill in here the authentication string for my username and password so first of all we have to craft it so I'm just quickly opening a new terminal and then we will echo my username column and then the token and then we will pipe this to the Bas 64 encoder and the string that comes out of it we just need to copy and paste it here in the AL config setting and that's basically all you have to do so we will do one test here for example I have configured the default image to use the xcat 2K Ubunto test one image and if I go back to my Docker Hub you can see this is a private image so I would not be able to pull this image down if I would not have authenticated the docker executor on gitlab so this way you can test if you're authenticated correctly and if everything works and you really are locked into your account so first of all of course I need to save these settings here and restart the gitlab runners container so once it is reconnected to the gitlab instance we can uh initiate a new pipeline execution so I'm just executing the test script the deploy engine X script it doesn't matter it's just a very basic test the one and only thing that we want to check here is when we click on the test script you can see during the locks that you see authenticating with the credentials from the docker off config all right so that's basically everything you need to know but I just wanted to make this quick video to give you a hats up about what's happening and how you can mitigate the pull rate limits on the dock Rob I think this is pretty important and by the way if you want to support all these free tutorials and content that I'm creating it would be so amazing if you would consider signing up on my patreon program or the YouTube memberships to support me that makes all of this stuff possible and as always thank you so much for watching thanks to all of my supporters and of course I'm going to catch you in the next video take care bye-bye

=== GitLab CI CD automation (Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, and more…) ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBrP8MzA5y0

Hey everybody, this is Christian and today I will show you how I'm automating my home lab with GitLab CI/CD. This is absolutely amazing because it allows me to streamline all of my workflows in fully automated pipelines. So I can sit back and relax while it's doing things like deploying Docker Compose and Kubernetes projects for me or configuring and provisioning infrastructure using Terraform. It's like magic and the possibilities for using it are really endless. But I want to make this clear. This is not just about saving time and being more convenient when managing your personal projects. No, this is also a great chance to learn more about continuous integration, delivery, and deployment or what we shortly call CI/CD. This is nowadays a super important topic to know in it because it helps us to build and ship applications faster, more securely, and reliably. With GitLab CI/CD, you can easily learn and implement this technique completely for free in your own self-hosted environment. It's not just cool, it's empowering. So, let me show you how I'm doing this in my home lab and hopefully inspire you to use it in your projects as well. But before we start, I quickly like to show you another incredible platform that I recently tested in my home lab called CheckMK, the sponsor of today's video. Czechm is a comprehensive IT monitoring platform that is scalable, automated, and highly extensible. With over 2,000 GBLV2 licensed plugins, Czechm can monitor nearly all network components across different manufacturers. You can even write custom plugins to monitor anything you want. It offers auto discovery with preconfigured thresholds and rules, and the features are insane. It is massively scalable to monitor hundreds of thousands of hosts and millions of devices. And furthermore, it creates stunning visualizations and has dynamic dashboards with logs and event monitoring that allow you to really drill in all of the details of your infrastructure. Of course, it also notifies you about anything that requires your attention. And the cool thing is they even have a free and open source version that you can easily selfhost in your IT environment. Of course, for professional companies, they also have enterprise cloud and MSP versions that even come with more features, but I recently deployed the free and open source version in my home lab to monitor the health and status of my Proxmox host VMs, Docker containers, and even my firewall using SNMP. Just to let you know, I'm planning a full dedicated tutorial on CzechMK as well. But if you'd like to try it out yourself, check out the official website and get started today. Of course, I'll put your link to it in the description box down below. All right, so now let's get back to CI/CD. And first of all, let me introduce the concept. So what does CI/CD actually mean? What are the typical components and what solutions exist so we can understand how GitLab fits into this bigger picture? The first part of CI/CD stands for continuous integration, an agile software development practice that runs automated builds and tests against code changes to help detect integration issues early in the software development life cycle. This is really important primarily when many developers work on a single project and merge their work into a shared repository because one developer might not necessarily know what the others are doing and without a proper validation process of the codebase any new changes might introduce conflicts with existing parts of the code. Or maybe another use case is you want your code changes to automatically be checked for programmatic or stylic errors before merging. This is also called linting in software development. And this is super helpful because I bet you all know these situations where you're just missing a semicolon somewhere in the code or you have a wrong indent level in Python. It's really a pain to find these type of issues in your code that's causing everything to break. And by using an automated validation process that runs every time you push changes to the repository, this is really great to detect bugs early and ultimately improve the overall quality of your code. So that's it about CI. But in addition to that, we also have CD, which stands for continuous deployment or continuous delivery. Actually, before anyone wants me to correct in the comments, I know deployment and delivery are two separate processes, but they're often most used together. So for simplicity, I think you can see this as just one step that streamlines the deployment process of your code. So in reality, this means once a new change is tested and verified by the CI automation, the CD automation can immediately deploy this on the infrastructure without someone having to manually log into a service, download the new version from the repository and apply the changes manually, which not only reduces the likelihood of mistakes, but it also enhances the efficiency in the deployment process, of course. So this whole CI/CD concept is an essential part of DevOps and over time many different tools and applications have been created with very unique features and integrations to help organizations implement the CI/CD practices. For example, Jenkins is a pretty popular solution that is designed to handle anything from a simple CI server to a complete CD hub or Argo CD, a continuous delivery tool designed specifically just for Kubernetes applications. I've also tested this on the channel in the past by the way. But of course, big git platforms like GitHub, GitLab or even Git have built their own integrations and solutions for CI/CD directly into their platforms. And the cool thing about GitLab CI/CD in this case is that it is completely available in all of the tiers. So from free to premium in ultimate and it can be used in any offering like it runs on their gitlab.com cloud platform as well as on the self-managed devices which I think is really great for privacy and local deployments in protected networks. And it is super simple to use because you don't need to install any third-party program or tool. You can just use this in all of your existing GitLab repositories. And by the way, if you want to know how to deploy such a self-hosted GitLab instance in your own uh HomeLab environment, I've made a full tutorial about this. Of course, you will find a link to it in the description. So, check that out. And all you have to do to simply enable GitLab CI/CD in all of your projects is create agitabi.l file where you can add all of your instructions and settings and then find or create some GitLab runners for your projects. Now that's the next concept I have to explain. What the hell is a runner? Well, runners are simply agents that executes the task that you have defined in the CI/CD pipeline. So this is where the code validation, the testing or the deployment process are actually running on and a runner can be anything from a simple Linux, Windows or Mac OS machine to a virtual machine running on a hypervisor like Proxmox or you can even deploy a GitLab runner in a docker container. So the way how you deploy this GitLab runner is completely up to you. You can even deploy a fleet of different GitLab runners as many as you need, which is really important because some of the programs or automation pipelines that you want to run won't work on every environment and every operating system or technology. Of course, I just give you a very basic example. when you want to build a docker container image automatically from your source code in the git repository that doesn't really work so great when the runner itself is also running in the docker container so this is also called docker in docker and it really doesn't have a great performance and so on so that's where you might want to install a separate runner just for building docker images and install this on a virtual machine or if you're going to build container images for the ARM infrastructure it doesn't work so well on an x8 86 architecture. So you might run another GitLab runner on a Raspberry Pi for example for faster building ARM images. So these are some usual type of workflows where you might want to control multiple runners and use tags in your automation pipelines to specifically use that infrastructure that you need for this automation pipeline. But we will go through the pipelines in a second here. Just to simplify this tutorial, I will only show you how to deploy a GitLab runner in a Docker compos project. That's what I'm using in my home lab as well. But just keep in mind that it doesn't necessarily have to be the preferred deployment for everything and there are different possibilities on how you can set up a GitLab runner. Adjust that depending on the environment that you want to use it for. All right, so let's go to my self-hosted GitLab platform and let's create a new runner so that you can follow the process. This can be done in three different levels. You can use a runner just for one git repository. You can add a runner that is available in a group. So this runner can then be used throughout all of the repositories attached to this group. But you can also create instance runners. So they are available across the entire GitLab instance. So that's what I personally would recommend you to do because then you can use runner throughout all of the projects and groups that you have created. So let's go to the administration interface and go to CI/CD. Here in the runner section, you can register and create new runners. It's very simple. You just click on new instance runner and then you can give this runner specific tag. So again, the tags can be used in the automation pipeline to define which runner to use for what type of task. If you don't want to use tags and you just use this runner for all of your jobs, you can also click on run untag jobs. There are also some other optional configurations. If you only want to use that runner in protected branches only. But usually you don't need to configure anything else here. Just click on create runner. Now you can choose where you want to install this. If you want to install this on Linux, Mac or Windows, Google Cloud, or maybe you want to use containers like Docker or Kubernetes. So below you find instructions on how to do that. But of course you probably know um I've created a boiler plate for adding a new GitLab runner using Docker Compose. So therefore, I just go to my Git repository. So here I'm collecting all of the Docker Compos templates for all of my videos and projects. And here you should see a new folder that is called GitLab Runner. So let's open a new terminal connection to one of my test servers here and create a new directory called GitLab Runner. Let's CD into this and open it in VS Code. Let's go into the project directory and let's create the compos.l file. And I also want to create a config directory for the config file. So let's also grab that here that is written in toml by the way. So I think now we should go through some of the configuration settings in here. First let's start with the docker compose file. So that's very simple. It just deploys the latest image of the Alpine uh gitlab runner. I also want to give it a container name. Just call it gitlab runner one. I think that's fine. And then of course we need to mount the config autotoml file into the containers file system where the runner process can find it. And what we also need to do is we need to pass in the docker socket. So you might wonder why the heck do we need the docker socket? Well the process is how it runs. The GitLab runner itself will run in a Docker container. But if you start a new automation process, it will spawn a new Docker container with a temporary process where all of the automation steps are running and then afterward it deletes it. So this is done by the configuration setting here in the config file executor docker. So there are different types of executors. Again I will only show you this example here. Of course, when you have automation pipelines that invoke specific processes like shell scripts and so on, you might not need to run them in a separate Docker container, but I think this is really great because for these automation pipelines, you might want Ethereal processes. And this is where Docker containers are just the best for this is why I'm using the Docker executor to spawn a new temporary process executing all of the steps that I need and then exit. You can by the way also define an image for this temporary docker container that should be created. By default I have added the docker latest image because that already comes with some of the tools you might need for Docker automations. However, you can also define a custom Docker image that the runner process should create and there you can install and provision this image with your custom tools. For example, if you want to build an automation pipeline that requires a specific program or library, you can create a custom Docker image, include this, and then you have all your tools and your libraries and processes already in the uh temporary process where the automation pipeline needs to execute them. However, I will also later show you you can also define other images by process. So that's what we're going to take a look later. This is just the default configuration. If you don't specify an image, the one and only thing that we need here is um before we start the container, of course, it needs some form of authorization and it needs to know where the gitlab instance is running. So that's what you need to change here. So change the gitlab.acample.com. So in my example, you can see I'm running this on git.home.crave.de. So I'm going to copy this, paste it in here. And we also need to add the registration token here. So that's important for the authentication to the GitLab platform. And the registration token you will find in here when you register the runner and created it. It will show it here the runner authentications token. So let's copy this, paste it in here. And yeah, I think that's all fine. So we don't need anything else. We can just start up the process. So let's go to my test service. So here we have all the files and let's start the container. Now it's pulling down the GitLab runner image and start the process. And once this is finished, uh we can go back to the GitLab platform and click on view runners. So here we should see a new entry. As you can see here, uh below here, this is my production runner. So this is the runner that I'm using for all of the automation pipelines. I should probably define some tags for it. Otherwise, I might not know which runner the automation pipeline will start on. So, let's create a tag for testing for example. Yeah, I think that's fine. All right. So, now that we have deployed our GitLab runner, we can start writing the GitLab CI YAML file. Again, you must place this in the GitLab repository where you want to use it for. So, for example, if I go back to my projects here, I've created a simple test project that we can use. GitLabci test docker. So this is a repository where I have added a docker compos file for an engine x server and also a simple test script and let's clone this to my local machine. Of course we want to cd into that and open it in vs code. So then in this repository here we can simply create the gitlabci.yml file. So make sure to not call this YAML with JL just JML otherwise GitLab will I think not recognize it. So that's important. And now of course there is a specific format or a specific way how you structure your uh automation pipelines because a GitLab pipeline always consists of jobs. So these execute commands compiling, testing, deploying code and stages and the stages define how to group these jobs together. So this is a way of organizing and managing sequences of jobs. By defining stages, you can logically group related tasks and control the execution order. For example, uh if you have a testing stage that tests and verifies your code, then you have a next stage for building the code and a third stage for deploying the code to cover all of the processes of CI/CD. So let's uh try to simulate something very very simple to get started with. So the format of a GitLab CI file is actually pretty simple. It's in the YAML format. So you just define the stages and you can see um the AI already suggests something. I would not use build, but maybe let's call it test for now. And yeah, maybe let's also add different stages for building and deploying. So that's what we're going to use later. And now you can just start defining the jobs. And these jobs are basically defined in key value pairs where the key is the name of the job and the value is a YAML object that contains configuration details. So here in the documentation, you find some examples on how that would look like. you always need a script. So these are the commands that are executed by the GitLab runner executor which can contain a shell script or simple terminal commands. Yeah, it's up to you. And let's create another test script job. So this will just execute the uh test script here in the scripts folder. So first define with the name of the job and then define the stage where this should be running. So in the first stage testing here and then we define a script command. So I will execute the sh command uh and in the current folder. So this job always starts with the artifacts of the git repository of course. So it can just refer to the directory where the script is located in test.sh. One thing I want to do here is because I just told you we have defined different runners here on my instance. So we have a production and a testing runner defined by tags. We should define that this is running on a runner that has a testing tag. So let's go back in here and add another section called tags. And um here you can define testing tag. Okay. So that's fine. All right. So what will happen when I push it to the git repository? By default, these automation pipelines will always run when you push or merge code. There are rules where you can define. So only when you merge or push code to a specific branch, this specific script should run that you can define in the so-called rules. But we will cover this later. First of all, I just want to have this script to be always executed that when I push or merge a change into any branch of the repository. So, currently we are in the main branch, but we could also be located in a different branch. So, let's do this and let's commit the changes here. So, I'm using VS Code or or should I do it in the terminal if that's simpler for you to follow? I don't know. Uh but uh maybe let's do it in the terminal for now. So here you can see the git status has changed. We have some unttracked files. So we added a new file in this git repository. So let's add this file. Uh we have new uh changes that want to be committed. So we commit the change with for example adding uh CI/CD testing. And once we committed it, we push it to the git repository. So most of the time I'm just working with the VS code UI because it's doing all of these commands in the background. But I think sometimes it's useful to show the actual process what is happening. And now because we have created this CI file and it should be triggered. We can go back to the specific Git repository here and let's go in the section build pipelines. So here you can see it's running a new process and while it's currently running you can see when you click on this the different stages of your job. So if you would have more stages they would add up here and because we only defined one testing stage or one job is just running in the testing stage. You can see there's only one entry here. So when we click on this you can also see the locks. You can see it already succeeded and it executed the whole stuff. So um I just want to show you one more thing. If we go back to the uh virtual machine where this uh docker container is running, you can see that the uh gitlab runner is still running. So this hasn't been changed. But uh when we do a docker ps maybe this is yeah this has already been deleted. So unfortunately but uh when this while this process is running you can see a new temporary docker container that the gitlab runner will start with the docker executor. It has a temporary name and this is exactly where these commands that you see in the lock here are executed on and then it's just executing everything that I've defined in the pipeline. So here you can see it initializes the git repository. It first automatically always clones the git repository that it's running on and then it executed this here the shell script that we have defined here under the script commands. And when you take a look at this uh script for a second, you can see it's echoing running tests and then it's um just printing some current information about the OS and the environment it's running in and then just exits. If you um take a look at the logs, you can see that is using Alpine Linux and then you can see some information that has been uh and then you can see the output of theformational commands that have been executed in here. So I think this is very simple uh to demonstrate how it will work. So of course you can extend the script and do some stuff like I don't know building software uh pushing software to a container registry or whatever you want to do with it. But I also want to show you of course some practical use cases. Yeah because just invoking a test script. Okay. So this is like a hello world so to speak but it doesn't teach you anything on how you can use it. So I thought let's do some practical stuff with it because we have a compost file in this project here that will spawn a new enginex container. Yeah. And it has a config file and an enginex config and an HTML content like test website. And maybe we want to use Gitlabci to automatically deploy this compos project to one of my testing servers so that I don't need to take care of logging into the server pulling down the latest version from the updated repository and deploying this because one of the processes that I really often use is I usually don't use the latest image tags. I have a specific version of the image that I want to use and whenever my git repository updates with the new image version, the natural process is that I would have to log into my testing server, pull down the latest image and restart the container with the new image. And I'm using GitLab CI to automate this deployment for me. So let's try to replicate this with this test project here and deploy the engineext um compose project on my testing server. All right. So what we need to do is we can just leave the test script stage in here. I think it's not going to hurt us. But in a new deployment stage, we will define a new command. So what we need for this, we need a little more preparation here because um this is just invoking a simple test script. But of course if we want to do something useful and deploy a docker container we have to copy the files like the configuration the website and also the compos project itself to my testing Linux server. So that means the automation pipeline needs to somehow authenticate to this test server and this is where we need to store some secrets or some variables into the runner processes. So this is a really common process. You will often have to do that. And just like you can imagine, there is a feature uh in GitLab CI/CD that handles this type of variable thing called variables. Really simple. So you can predefine CI/CD variables just in the job in plain text here. So when you add um variable section to the jobs but of course that would mean that you have to have these things in clear text in your deployment files and this is never a good idea. So especially when you are dealing with secrets or credentials there's a better way how you can do this and that's defining these things in the UI. So let's go back to the git project. You can define variables on all of the three different levels. you can have variables defining on the on the instance on the group and also on the Git repository. So that might be useful if you have a shared um credential secret that you want to use across the entire GitLab group. So all of the repositories there, then you don't have to manage these credentials for each Git repository. But in this example, I just want to create it in the testing repository. So let's go to settings. Let's go to CI/CD. And here we have a section called variables. As you can see, I've already created a secret that contains my private SSH key that I can use to authenticate to my Linux machines. If you want to add such a variable, you can just click on add variable here and define the visibility level. If this is a variable, you can see in the jobs logs or it's a mask or hidden variable. So, masked and hidden or just masked. This is useful for credentials like API tokens and stuff. Unfortunately, what does not work is the white spaces in the SSH key. So, I don't know if you can somehow convert it or so, but I just um use the visibility level visible for my SSH key, which is honestly not a good idea, but that's the only way it worked for me. Uh what you definitely need to disable here is the protected variable because otherwise the variable can only run in uh protected branches and text only. And if you want to use it in an unprotected branch, you have to disable it. And then you just add your key here, for example, SSH key. And then put the value of the private SSH key in here and add the variable. So that's how I got that one. And then you can use this variable across the entire GitLab automation pipeline. And you never need to define it somewhere here in clear text. Let's start creating a new pipeline for deploying the engine X container. I will just call it deploy and next. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, let's let's go with that. Yeah, the stages deploy. So that's already correct. And then I will first start with the script command. So here I would create a new command that copies everything onto a remote server. Of course, you can have any other process that you like, but I usually do it like this here. So what I need to do is I I will use some other variables so that I can reuse them because you can also define them in here. But this is not for secrets. For example, if I want to define the remote host. So this is server test one from let's see crave.de remote user remote path. So this is a path where I want to copy the files and I want to just copy it in my local directory engineext test one. So this is like I put all of my docker compos projects in my users folder. I don't know if that's the best uh way to do it but yeah that's how just like how I do it. And now we can use these variables here as well as a secret. So um what we will do here I would replace this with remote user at remote host and first of all before we deploy the container we of course need to copy it somewhere and we want to make sure that this directory is existing. We want to create the remote path on the remote server. All right and then you just define the next command. Next we want to copy it using SCP. I think the suggestions from my AI local AI server are pretty good here. So, we can just use it. By the way, if you want to know how I've built this AI server, then check out my other videos. And yeah, I will also make a short video showing you how to connect it to VS Code. Let's first copy everything from the deployments. Yeah, deployments engineext test one. So, this is the directory where all of the stuff that I need is located in test one. So everything onto the remote server remote host and then in the remote path. Okay. So the next thing is so once we have copied the files we want to execute the docker compose up command. That's all we have to do right. So we can simply just execute this here uh remote user remote host docker up and force a recreate. So maybe maybe we can first of all pull the latest version to make sure if I update the container image that it's putting down the latest version. Okay. So uh before we can run this, of course, we need a few other things to be present here. First of all, we have the SSH key that we have defined in the um variables here. And we need that SSH key so that the runner can successfully authenticate with SSH to the server. And if you want to make sure that there are some commands that are always executed before the script commands, there is something that you can define here before script and then you can add some commands that maybe install some packages. For example, what I found out is that some of the docker images that spawn the temporary runner process, they don't have the open s client. So we can use an APK at um also curl might be useful and open SSH so that these tools are automatically installed in the docker process of alpine and then yeah we don't need the docker package in here so that's not a good suggestion uh but what we will do is we will echo the SSH key and put it into ID RSA and also make sure it has the right privileges otherwise we will also get an error at this to the SSH agent so that the script commands later um have the correct authentication credentials. Let me just check if this is working. Sometimes there are things that can go wrong here but let me just test if that's working. So let's return here get add changes and push this and this should invoke a new runner process. So let's go back to the project and let's go to build pipelines and oh yeah just like I thought it would fail that's always the case but uh well it doesn't matter so you can see it now executed two stages here because we have defined two stages test script and deploy engine X and the first one has been succeeded right you can see it here the second one failed so we can click on that and go through the logs and see why it has failed so we can Just follow the execution path. We see it installed the Open SSH client correctly. It outputed the SSH key and invoked the first command here. But you can see Docker Compose not ah okay again this this is an error that has been created by AI. So if you're lazy and you trust AI with your stuff, it's never going to work flawless, right? So you can see here it's using the old Docker Compose syntax. It's not using the newer modern Docker compos syntax without the dash. So, thank you um deepseek or quen coda whatever I'm using here. Just going to push the changes here in the VS code UI. So, this will literally do everything that I've done here in the terminal just in the background. We can just go back to pipelines and yeah, let's go in here. So, here you can see it's second one is also failing here. Okay. So, but yeah, you you have to walk your way through it. No configuration file provided. Okay, I probably should have um added the command to CD into the correct directory because otherwise it will just execute it in the current directory and that's not working. So, what we need to do here is um we need to add a -f and define the remote path so that it will execute these on the compos. ML file in the uh enginex-1 folder. So where I have copied the project of course. Yeah. All right. Let's do another one. All right. So that has been successful. Now you can uh see that it's executing the command in the correct remote path on the compos.l file. It's pulling down the enginex image and then afterwards it's starting the project and test engineext test has been created. Okay. So maybe we should check on my remote server is if that's really the case. So you can see that's the engineext container my GitLab runner has automatically created for us. So if we go in the project directory the project directory should be located in here. There you can see. Yep, it just copied it. And it also has hopefully it has all the files in it. And yeah, you can see the config and the HTML file. So I think we can also test if the server is running. So let's see. And yep, we got back test page. All right. So that is how you deploy a simple engineext web server using automation pipelines gitlab CI. That's pretty cool. Okay. Okay, so I know this might be enough for a simple demonstration, but I just want to show you a couple of more stuff. So how I'm using this in a practical way in my home lab because so if I go back to my git projects, you can see I have created projects for every type of service or application that's running in my home lab. By the way, in one or two weeks I will do a full home lab tour. So don't worry there is something coming where I will go through all of the stuff that's running my home lab and how exactly I'm running it and why I'm running it and so on. I just want to show you one example here for example the homepage container. So here I have a deployment um that is my home lab dashboard and whenever that gets updated I um creating an automation pipeline so that automatically uh checks my compos file if there are any errors or something like this and then there's also a deployment pipeline. So this is very similar to what we've just done. Yeah, it copies everything from the git repository onto my remote server and then uh pulls down the latest container image uh takes the old image down and starts it again. And one thing I wanted to show you here are the rules. So with rules you can uh add something like if else statements. For example, how I'm using this is that I only execute this deploy command if the commit branch is main. So when I'm doing some testing or I push it to a testing branch, this of course should not deploy it on my production infrastructure. It should only deploy to production when I push or commit something to the main branch. Yeah. And that's how I change the rules. And what I also found out is sometimes I have multiple deployments defined in a git repository and I only want to run the deployment when something changes in that specific compos file. This is how you can also define it in the rules. You can say if the commit branch is main and the commit changes this compos file only then the changes have to be applied to the infrastructure and the same I'm doing it for the homelab configuration. So if the if anything in the config folder changes this automation pipeline will copy the new configuration to the remote server. So what I can do is I never need to log into my remote Lux machine. I can just change the stuff in the Git repository and then it's automatically checked and verified and deployed. But I also have uh done other cool things. So example, if you go to home lab here and let's go to DNS for example. DNS is a cool example. Yeah, because as you might know from my previous videos, I'm managing all my DNS entries in a Terraform file. So here in the record set you can see the uh DNS entries for my Proxmark server or for my NAS for my switch for my Kubernetes deployments for my servers like for everything is defined in this file here in the gitlabci you can see the process here. So here I am um adding the secret variables for the Terraform project and the tick key that I need to authenticate to the DNS server. I'm running a different container image here because I need in this I I need this automation pipeline to be executed with the open TOFU image so that it has the open TOEFL library and the commands and then I'm simply just executing a TOFU init command to initialize the back end. Again, I've explained this in my uh GitLab Terraform tutorial. And then I just run a TOEFL plan, output it to a plan and TOEFL apply so that any changes in the Terraform files will automatically apply to the infrastructure. So I can just demonstrate how this works. It's pretty simple. Whenever I need a new DNS entry, I can just go in here, go to the record set, and just add a new entry here. For example, I need a new test entry for a new server that I'm deploying that is called test.home.ccr.te. And this should be the IP address 10 20 30 to 45 whatever right. So this is a change that I push to the git repository commit the change and when I go back to my git repo so here build pipelines you can see there is a new automation task running that has two stages. It first tests the terraform state file. If I made any any mistakes here in the code, maybe I forgot to add an equal character here. So then it will fail and it will not try to apply these changes. Um but yeah, you can see now already succeeded. So here you can see the logs. It automatically added this new DNS entry uh test.home.ccrave.de. And if I just ask my DNS server, so what is the IP address for test.home.ccrave.de, You can see that's the IP address that I got. Oh, I also added another test entry before. I think this is just so cool and it saves you a lot of time. Again, if I want this to be removed, yeah, remove it. And I'm done. I don't have to take care if uh the DNS server is updated. The automation pipeline is doing that entirely in the background for me. So these are just a few test examples on how I'm using GitLab CI/CD to automate anything in my infrastructure that is somehow tied to a Git repository. Of course, you can add many more things. Adding third party applications, adding APIs, using CI pipelines to invoke web hooks or create a sophisticated build process for your application and code project. But I hope as I I think most of you guys probably are not directly working in software development and more working in system administration maybe devops or networking. It it gave you some better understanding and some practical use cases in the scope of automated service deployments or provisioning infrastructure that are more relatable to a CIS admin job or something like this. And if you're up for more content then make sure to hit the like and subscribe button. A big thanks goes out to all of my supporters on YouTube and Patreon. So, thank you guys so much. You make all these free tutorials possible. And as always, I'm going to catch you in the next one. Take care. Bye-bye.

=== My NEW Homeserver for AI + Power efficiency ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7opwGxhOsf0

hey everybody this is Christian today I'd like to talk about the new hardware upgrades I've made to my home server if you have watched my last video you know I recently built my own self hosted AI platform with AMA and open web UI and if you paid attention which I hope you always do while watching my videos you might know that I needed to upgrade my secondary proxmox node where I'm running all of these AI applications mainly because llms need a strong graphics card for good performance so that's why I've got this baby here the MD Radion 7,900 XT a huge monster of a GPU and I've also switched my motherboard to the new mini foron BD 795 M which comes with an onboard CPU the AMD ryzen 9 7,945 HX which is actually made for premium laptops but that has the advantage of being a very powerful but yet power efficient solution from your home server and it's really faster than my old server build with an ntel CPU of course I'd like to show you in this video how I've put everything together and what else I've done like some improvements to the 10 GB network setup and the new Rec server case that I've bought so I like to cover a lot of stuff today however before we start I'd also like to discuss another important topic that sometimes comes up when we are building home laabs or it infrastructure in general and want to securely collect data from the internet for example if we might want to integrate Services through public apis or maybe scrape information from websites that flow into our automation Pipelines in this scenario it could be possible you're dealing with blocked websites tracking or facing IP bands especially when you're trying to access gear restricted content and most people will now think about just using a VPN as a solution but I've actually got something better for you to solve these kind of issues that is called proxies so let me introduce you to Floppy data a powerful proxy service that is designed to make online activities secure seamless and accessible from anywhere in the world whether you need proxies for for secure browsing automation or large scale data collection floppy data has you covered they've got millions of global IPS in over 195 locations worldwide including residential mobile and data center proxy so that's really impressive they even have rotating or static proxies which are perfect for web scraping managing multiple accounts or any automation tasks we are doing in it and they ensure top tier security to stay Anonymous while browsing the best part is that they have an affordable pricing that starts at just $1 per Gaby of proxy traffic New users even get 100 megabyte completely for free so I'd highly recommend checking it out floppy data is an affordable fast and reliable proxy solution for all of your needs of course if you would like to try it out I leave you a link to their website in the description box down below all right guys so let's return to my home Ser Hardware upgrades as you might know I've recently had great experiences with silverston r server case so this brand has literally become one of my new favorites for hom lab equipment sometimes they are a bit pricey but I really appreciate the solid quality of their parts if you're following my channel you know I've already tested their smaller RM 2138 for my Android storage server build and I've also got the RM 2352 mini that I'm using for my first proxmox note however for the secondary prox smokes note where the AI workloads getting in I needed something bigger that would fit the MD graphics card because these two w cases I've got from Silverstone are just two unit Rec server cases and obviously that's a bit too small so for this build I've decided to get the Silverstone rm42 5002 which supports two fans at the front panel to keep everything cool inside it also has two 5.25 in drive base where you can also Mount ssds or 3.5 in hard drives and just like I expected this RX server case from Silverstone is really amazing honestly it was a relief to work with a big sub case again in not just two unit rack cases you have so much more space inside to mount all of the components and cables some people said in the comments of previous videos that I was crazy to go with two unit R server cases in the first place but come on as you can see I need a little more space for future builds but for this project again a 4unit r server case was the minimum that I wanted to use for the motherboard I've also decided to try out something special the new mini Forum BD 795 m which is an m8x form factor motherboard and it fits perfectly into this case by the way this is the first m8x motherboard for mini Forum ever actually they became pretty popular for building these incredible mini PCS but they also have a few motherboards in their portfolio that slowly start to become my new favorite pick for power efficient Home Server builds for example I've already tested the minisum b 770i in my first proxmox note which is absolutely fantastic I think these type of CPUs are highly interesting for home lab enthusiasts because since they are actually made for premium laptops they have a low power consumption while still offering impressive performance and therefore I was really excited to try out this new m8x motherboard with the MD ryzen 9 7,945 HX and I can just tell you guys it is an absolute Beast it has 16 CPU cores and 32 threats with up to 5.4 GHz clock speed so that should be really fast enough for any home usage task you throw at it by the way I've also put this against my old Intel i7 12,700 which is a 12 core 20 threets desktop CPU and I'm pretty sure you will be shocked by the num so don't worry we'll cover the benchmarks at the end but let's stay by The Minis for motherboard by the way you can get this in three different versions so the BD 790i is an ITX form factor supporting PCI Express 5.0 for the two M2 slots and for a fullsize x16 slot then we have the BD 795 isse which is also an ITX form factor motherboard but with a few different specs and then the one that I wanted to use the BD 795 M so this does not have a PCI Express 5.0 like the others it only has PCI Express 4.0 for the M2 slots and also for the fullsize x16 slot however I honestly don't see this as a big disadvantage because most of the PCI Express cards that I'm using including the strong graphics card they don't actually benefit from PCI Express 5.0 so the 4.0 standard is still totally sufficient when it comes to speed but instead this motherboard has an interesting advantage over the other models so it has two additional SATA 3.0 ports which I'm planning to use for additional SSD drives just to get a little more storage on my server and it doesn't come with an onboard cooler instead it supports an LGA 1,700 cooler standards so you can add a thirdparty cooler to the onboard CPU of course you have to buy one so that you don't need to do with the other models but as I've got an unused cooler from be quite lying around anyways I think this gives me a little more flexibility and also the cooling power should be better with a highquality third-party cooler furthermore the other specs of the miniso motherboard are not less impressive it supports up to 96 GB of ddr5 memory with two s o slots for my server build I've ordered two 32 GB memory modules from crucial so I've got 64 GB of memory in total for this secondary prox book note which is enough to run several virtual machines besides the AI workload containers what's also pretty cool this motherboard has two M slots for nvme drives with PCI Express 4.0 of course I'm using the first M2 slot for the main operating system and the local lvm storage volume on a 1 TB and e Drive but having a secondary M2 slot on this motherboard became particularly interesting for my new proxmox AI server build because I wanted to have a fast fiber optical connection between This Server and my 10 GB switch in the past I've always used PCI Express cards to add a 10 GB network connection but since I had to put this huge AMD graphics card into the one and only x16 slot on the motherboard which I'll talk about in a minute here by the way so there wasn't any slot left for a 10 GB network card however I also found an interesting solution here and this is really super cool so I've bought this card here this is an Intel 82599 es SFP plus 10 GB network card that I just found on Amazon it connects with an sff 8087 cable to a small adapter card you can put in the M2 slot on the motherboard and then you'll simply transform this M2 slot into another super fast network interface I know some of you might already know this but to me this is a new and exciting way to use the full-size PCI Express slot on the motherboard for anything else like putting a graphics card or you could also think about using it in other build with a large storage controller card not having to sacrifice this PCR Express slot for a 10 GB network card gives you so much more flexibility to create more exciting Home Server builds and just to let you know this network card is detected in Linux without having to install any drivers or without any problems so it was really straightforward you just plug it in connect it and then it's working so it was really straightforward and probably for any future Home Server builds that I'm doing I will always use this network card again because then I have more flexibility with the PCI Express slots on the motherboard by the way talking about the PCI Express slot let me also say a few words about the AMD graphics card that I've put into this slot as I said I bought the MD radon 7,900 XT so the second largest graphics made by AMD for consumers which is also supported by AMA the AI application that I'm using at least it was the second largest graphics card when I was building This Server I'm pretty sure AMD will announce something newer just right after the recording that seems to always happen when I review Hardware stuff but yeah that's the usual deal when doing these videos in my AI server video which I'll put you in the description of course I pref explained why I've chosen an AMD graphics card over Nvidia because one might ask why didn't I just get one of these amazing RTX 590 cards or build a massive Mac Studio AI cluster you might have seen in other AI tutorials on YouTube well first and foremost because it's just super expensive yeah like forign Nvidia RTX 500090 you have to pay somewhat over €2,000 and when you want to buy a cheaper RTX graphics cards like the 580 which still costs over €1,000 you only get 16 GB of vram and guys this is really just my personal opinion I have nothing against Nvidia graphics cards but I think AMD graphics cards they typically offer a lot more for their money and so it is the case with this specific graphics card so the 7,900 XT has 20 GB of vram which is really important for running larger llms and it cost about € 760 which is much cheaper than any Nvidia RTX 590 or 580 of course it might be a bit slower than a high-end Nvidia graphics card but honestly I'm not the one who really cares about the most expensive or the most powerful builds for hom lab I always just try to catch a good deal and that's why I've decided to buy this specific graphics card so I hope I don't get in a fight with the Nvidia fan B here and H by the way before I forget I also needed to upgrade my power supply of course because this AMD graphics card needed a little more power than my current power supply could provide in fact AMD recommends an 850 wats power supply for the 7,00 XT which works me a bit whether it would drive up the energy consumption too much but I will talk about this in a minute so don't worry as for the power supply I've ordered an 850 wats power supply from Silverstone the heiler 850r a platinum power supply I think there's nothing else special about this power supply that I could say it's great it provides enough power and it's a modular power supply which makes Cable Management in the server case easy and so yeah these were all of the new components I've used for my proxmox server build honestly I don't know what else I should tell about building the server I've built so many computers and servers during all of my homelab projects that it becomes kind of a routine even though I'm not that experienced Hardware YouTuber to be honest but this build went pretty well without any unexpected problems at least for the hardware parts the AI application deployment and all of that stuff that was a bit more challenging but yeah just watch the other video if you haven't done it already again so the building process itself went pretty well and this is how my home server or the secondary prox note looks in my home lab sub I think this is really nice but yeah let's also cover another important topic because you guys always ask me how well the server with the new equipment performs and how much power it consumes let's talk about some benchmarks for the tests I've used the geekbench program on proxmox mainly to compare the single and multi-core CPU performance and guys I was really surprised by the Numbers here because when you compare the numbers from my old system to the new system you you can see that it not only improved in performance but it also didn't consume reasonably more power on idle which is particularly interesting because I'm using a more power hungry graphics card the older build didn't have any graphics card at all but see for yourself so these are the numbers with the Intel i7 12,700 the older build without any dedicated graphics card it has a single core score of 2020 and a multicore score of 13,496 it also has a relatively low power consumption of about 55 wats on idle which is already great of course when I do a stress test it goes much higher up to 220 230 Watts but let's now take a look at the mini foro motherboard with the ryzen HX CPU so this has a single course score of 2,163 and a multi-core score of 2,888 and guys I really don't know what to say so this CPU seems to be so much faster than the Intel i7 CPU that it's mind-blowing to me take in consideration that this is actually a premium laptop onboard CPU also for power consumption this entire build uses 60 to 61 Watts on idle which I know is a bit more than the older i7 server build but keep in mind that this new build has a super power hungry graphics card and a bigger power supply and when I did a stress test on the minis forom CPU the power consumption only went up to about 185 Watts which is even lower than the i7 and it proves that the ryzen HX CPU is not only faster but it's also much more efficient what is also interesting when I'm doing some AI workloads on open web UI it even doesn't go up that high so it was about 90 Watts when I was running the Deep seek R1 model for example of course I know these are some really rough estimations and measurements so I haven't done a full Benchmark comparing different types of AI workloads or I didn't do a full 24-hour testing but I think it should still give you a good estimation on how efficient this new AI server build is I personally think this is pretty damn good and most of the time I don't really use this AI server build anyway so only when I'm working because I usually shut down this entire proxmox note at night and only turn it on when I really need it this is by the way one of my best tips to save some power in your home lab and so simple to apply just turn off the stuff that you don't need but yeah these were all of the hardware upgrades and the benchmarks and power consumption testing I've made to my secondary prox smok note I hope you enjoyed this video and it helped you to get some ideas for your next home Ser build and if you want to watch more content for hom lab Enthusiast and Tech guys like us then please like And subscribe a big Thanks goes out to all of my supporters and channel members of course I catch you in the next video take care bye-bye

=== Self-Host a local AI platform! Ollama + Open WebUI ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQFfK7xIL28

hey everybody this is Christian and today I'd like to show you my new selfhosted AI platform that I've recently deployed in my home lab this is powered by the free and open source platform olama which allows you to run many popular and Powerful so-called llms large language models completely free at home with no internet connection needed and no data being sent to any cloud service this is really great for privacy and I've also deployed open web UI and other free and open source project that functions as a web interface for AMA and allowing you to use all these powerful AI models in a nice and uncomplicated way by the way I've also secured this entire platform with traffic my favorite reverse proxy and authentic to securely access the open web UI platform and or Lama from any authenticated device in my entire local network and of course in this tutorial I'd like to show you how I installed and deployed this however I also had a few problems with this project and I'd like to talk about as well because if you're building a local AI server there are many pitfalls regarding the hardware requirements and virtualization so I hope this tutorial helps anybody who's interested in this kind of project with some tips and tricks on how to get this up and running but before we get started I also want to tell you how I'm planning to access this local AI service securely from anywhere because sometimes I might be traveling or I need to connect from a different network and sure I don't want to make it publicly available to anybody that's why I'm using twin gate the sponsor of today's video twin gate is a zero trust network access platform that allows me to connect securely to any service in my local network no matter if I want to connect over SSH to manage my servers or if I want to access my local AI platform twin gate just works perfectly for that and it is better than any traditional VPN because it is much simpler to deploy it even works through n devices and firewalls without any port forwardings or firewall exception that you would have to configure it is super smart and furthermore it is extremely secure because every access request that leaves my device has to be authorized if it isn't or something on the device looks suspicious twin gate won't let the request go through if you would like to try it out then check out my tutorials on how to set up twin gate and integrate it into darker kubernetes or your devops environment using terraform it is a super cool project and completely free with up to five users and connect to 10 different remote Networks so start making your network more secure and accessible with twin gate of course I'll drop you a link to their website in the description down below all right guys so now let's get into llms first of all I quickly want to talk about the project requirements here because this is pretty important to ensure a smooth and fast experience when running llms at home you probably have heard before that AI in general requires a lot of computing power and resources especially a strong GPU a graphics processing unit and the reason why a GPU is much better for AI workloads is that gpus are in contrast to CPUs is better designed for processing multiple tasks at the same time so CPUs are better for sequential processing but AI workloads require a massive number of calculations simultaneously and this is why it makes a lot of sense to run these kind of tasks on a strong GPU instead of a CPU now when it comes to gpus there are two big players in the market you probably have heard about and they provide a strong platform for running AI models Nvidia and AMD nvidia's Cuda the compute UniFi device architecture is a parallel Computing platform and API model that has become the gold standard for developing machine learning Frameworks and their GeForce RTX series isn't just a beloved GPU by Gamers it also offers a super powerful platform for consumers to run llms especially the larger models like the RTX 590 has a high number of Cuda cores and the more Cuda cor the GPU has the faster it can process AI tasks in my opinion this definitely seems to be the most popular option for running llms at home I've seen that in many other tutorials on YouTube but honestly I was kind of shocked when I found out how expensive these GeForce RTX gpus are and honestly this is just a little too expensive for my little project I know what some people might recommend here just get a used older generation like a GeForce RTX 390 or something like that and yeah looking back that probably would have simplified things for me but actually I was always a big fan of the underdog AMD so that's why I've searched for an alternative to GeForce cards and the cool thing is that newer AMD radio and graphics cards also have their own competitive technology to nvidia's Cuda which is called rocm radiant open compute and this is also now fully supported in ama which is really great so check out the official documentation page on the GitHub repository in ama so here you can see a table showing you which graphics cards from which manufacturers work with AMA of course I will leave you a link to this in the description and as you can see here many of the Nvidia graphics cards are supported of course even down to some of the older models but also on the AMD side you have plenty of options from cheaper models like the 7,600 up to the bigger and stronger 7,900 Series so I've decided to buy the AMD radian 7,900 XT because that one costs about € 760 and it has a lot of vram 20 GB and that is amazing because an Nvidia card with that amount of vram would cost much more and the reason why you should care about the amount of vram is that the larger the model is the more vram you need to load it into the memory for example on The Meta documentation page you can see the smaller 7B llama models there you need at least 8 GB of vram for 13B models 16 GB and for 70b you would need 64 GB which is by the way not in the scope of this project so my Hope was that with the radian 7,900 XT I would be able to load a 13B model plus a smaller 7B model at the same time which by the way definitely you worked you will see in my test later so in my opinion when getting an AMD graphics card you get a lot more for the money actually I've never owned such an expensive graphics card so this thing is a huge monster it is so big that I even needed to get a different R server case to put it in and by the way I'm also working on a second video showing you all of these Hardware upgrades that I needed to make to my home server where this AI stuff is running on so if you don't want to miss that make sure to subscribe and if you already hit that subscribe button well you can also give it a thumbs up that would be really nice now let's also talk about these software project planning so AMA and the operating system to run this thing on AMA again is a free and open source application or platform that allows you to easily get up and running with large language models it is available for Mac OS windows and Linux so you can run this thing on any OS and the cool thing it also has an official Docker image so how you install and set up AMA is basically up to you in this tutorial I will show you the one and only way that worked for me but just that you know there are different possibilities and different ways on how you can install and set up this thing in your environment AMA supports a huge list of llms developed by different organizations like the new and famous deep seek R1 which was pretty popular in the news recently it also runs the Llama model developed by meta Microsoft's 54 and Google's Gemma on the official olama website you can find a complete list of all of these models it supports and it's continuing to adding more because all of these IM model seem to be very unique some of them are specifically designed for just one task which they are extremely good at better than others and others are more suitable for General usage and can do a variety of things so you really have to try out which model performs for which type of action honestly I can't really tell you right now which model is the best for which task because hands down I'm kind of late in the AI game I know that and I don't have that much experience so that's what I'm definitely going to work on the next month so I start experimenting with it and see which model performs best in which type of task for me all right guys so let me show you how I've installed this AMA thing so my first attempt was to install a new virtual machine in proxmox using Ubuntu 24 for LTS and use PCI pass through to get the AMD graphics card hooked into the virtual machine so it could be used by the olama application I've installed the MD Graphics drivers and the RM drivers but for whatever reason I always ran into the same problem that the virtual machine would hang in some sort of Deadlock state where I needed to restart the entire proxmox host to get it up and running again and it never really worked for longer than just a few seconds and guys honestly I spent hours and hours reading through different proxmox Forum post and trying to adjust settings in the group boot loader blacklisting amdgpu drivers and whatnot but for whatever reason no matter what I tried I just couldn't get it working and that's why I tried out a completely different approach for this project instead of using a virtual machine where I needed to pass through the MD graphics card using PCI I thought maybe it would work in an Alexi container and that was actually the setup that finally worked for me however I have to admit when I Was preparing the recording for this video someone on my Discord told me there was something I hadn't thought about at this point and by the way thank you z x for mentioning this because when you want to pass through through a graphics card into proxmox there maybe some additional steps that you have to follow to get this working and they can differ depending on what manufacturer and what specific GPU model you have especially MD graphics cards they seem to suffer from a so-called AMD reset buck and probably that's what I was running into and some GPU models might require attaching a specific ROM file into the virtual machine's configuration to get your graphics card correctly working inside the VM and that's what I haven't tried out yet probably this is the case for my graphics card that I've got and I just need to do that but again I just found out after doing this project but I will definitely spend a couple of more hours testing and trying it out and maybe I'll do an updated video once I figured out how this works but for this tutorial let's just accept I had to go with the Alexy container approach that worked for me so let me show you how I've done that so first I've installed a new alexc container on my proximo Note where the AMD graphics card is plugged in I think it is important to set it up as a privileged container I also used the Ubuntu 240 for LTS template for the Alexy container this seems to be the operating system where the AMD RM drivers are the best supported on I also gave it a huge dis size because I needed a lot of disk space where to store the larger AI models on and now for the networking settings I connected this alexe container to my local production network using the VM Bridge just like I do it in a VM and then gave it a static IP address of my network so that the open web UI that we are deploying later in a Docker container and also my vs code extension can connect to this olama application just using the local network and note this is kind of a work in progress thing here because actually I didn't want to expose the alexc container and the olama application directly to the entire network because AMA itself has no hdps and no authentication and this in my opinion is of course a problem so it's fine when you're running AMA just on your local machine or inside a local Docker network but if you want to make this available to your entire physical Network that is not a great setup however because I'm using an alexe container and not Docker to run olama I couldn't easily expose this via traffic like I usually do so I did follow a different approach I used a different traffic instance on my other prox books note to expose the olama application with trusted TLS certificates and a secure authentication using the authentic middleware but I will show you later how exactly that's working first of all let's continue with the AMA setup so once I had created the Alexi container it is also important to pass through the AMD graphics card of course and there's a kind of a another workaround that I needed to find to do that because it is a little different from the PCI pass through in a virtual machine because instead of selecting the graphics card from the drop down menu you have to give it a device path and there are two device paths that you need for an AMD graphics card to be pass through the /de SL kfd and the /de /d the first one worked but for the second one I unfortunately got an arrow luckily I found a solution in another proxmox Forum post to that as well so I needed to go into the CLI of proxmox and I needed to edit the alexc containers config file adding these four lines here so these lines ensure that the AMD graphics card is correctly passed through to the LXE container once I done that I just loged into the lxc container and I did some basic setup tasks like updating the APT packages adding an administrative user copying my SSH key to that user and then installing the AMD drivers and the RM drivers now I'm not going through all of these steps in detail here I think at some point I just need to make a dedic hated tutorial about alexc containers in proxmox I think that was even requested by some of you guys in previous videos and for the AMD driver stuff I just basically followed the steps that are described in the AMD documentation so just copy and paste this stuff I will link you the documentation page that I've used in the description of this video all right so once I had installed and rebooted the lxc container I checked with the RM info and RM SMI commands to see if the AMD graphics card was correctly detected inside the lxc container and as you can see this finally worked so both the lxc container and the Proxima host were just running fine without any problems and I could finally finally install AMA luckily the AMA installation itself wasn't too hard so I just used the installation script from the AMA homepage which was pretty simple and straightforward there was just another small problem and that is that the olama application is usually creating another olama user where it's running with and this user wasn't able to detect the AMD graphics card because it was not running as rude I suppose this has to be some problem with the Alexy container and the driver's pass through method with the slash device however to be honest with you guys I was just so sick of this AMD pass through stuff at this point and I just went into the systemd service settings and changed the user and the group of the AMA service to root restarted the demon and then the AMA application could find my MD graphics card and the setup was working now before some of you guys will get angry and typing in comments right now I know this is kind of an insecure setup right so I'm running a service that I expose to a local network without any encryption without any authentication and it is running as rot so worst case scenario I know this is a huge problem and it's probably not a setup I would use in a production environment I'm very aware of this okay however I just couldn't find a better way to do it with what I had in my home lab and what I've done to at least mitigate the risk to something that is in my opinion acceptable although I allowed AMA to listen on any network interface it's connected to I restricted the incoming sources using the ufw the uncomplicated firewall onunu so this I just got figured in a way that only the IP address of my application server can connect to the 's networking service and on this application server I'm again running traffic where I've configured olama as an external service using a file config provider which effectively means you can only connect through traffic from this specific application server using trusted TLS certificates to AMA and of course I've also added an authentic middleware to this configuration to lock it behind an authentication so for example when I want to connect from my visual studio code extension from a different machine to the AMA service I have to use the API endpoint on the application server using https and providing a basic authentication header a username and password string to be able to access it as I said earlier I know this isn't the ideal setup that I had planned originally of course it would have been just better if I would have figured out how to pass through the AMD graphics card into the virtual machine in Pro boox so then I could have just simply deployed AMA in a Docker container inside the VM and then use traffic labels just like I usually do to not have to expose it to the entire local network however I'm also kind of happy that I could find a real use case for an alxe container for the first time and that also inspired me to make at least two more videos one about LXE containers and the second follow-up video on PCI pass through in proxmox let me also quickly show you how this setup is working so when I connect to the alexe container on my proxo Note I can just use the olama command to communicate with the AMA service so here you got a few commands how to just pull down another another llm so a new model you can also list any models that I've currently downloaded and installed in this AMA instance you can see I've downloaded the deeps R1 model quen from Alibaba Cloud quoda that I use a lot for coding tasks and so on the Lama 3.2 of course and Microsoft's 54 I'm also testing from time to time so you can see how large these models can get so you definitely need some dis space to store them and of course you need to also load them into the memory so for example the deeps R1 32b barely fits into the AMD graphics card with 20 GB of vram but you can for example still load a smaller model for example if I want to run quen with uh 7B for example let's generate a small python script you can see how fast it's generating the text when I open a different command you can see with the AMA PS command you can see what model is currently loaded and you can also see if the AMD graphics card is detected by AMA when the processor is set to 100% on GPU so then the model will definitely run much faster instead of just processing it on a CPU let's just run the quen model with uh 13B uh it's 14b sorry then AMA is smart enough to shut down the older model and when it still has some vrm left it can also run these models in parallel so for example you can see currently both models are loaded into the gpu's vram one with 11 gbt and the other one with 6 GB so you can see that's generating a bit slower because the model is a bit larger and probably a bit more intelligent but it also requires more resources all right so yeah that was my long and complicated story on how to set up and run olama in my home lab hopefully it helps somebody who is using an AMD graphics card and maybe you want to use proxmox uh and you don't know how to do that or maybe it convinced some of you to just buy an Nvidia graphics card to do that right now let's talk about how to actually use AI models inama and how to interact with them because honestly you can use terminal commands to do that but it's probably not the most comfortable way that's why many many people will use open web UI which is an extensible self-hosted AI interface that can adapt to your workflow while running entirely offline by the way you can also connect different AI models in the cloud like chat GPT and stuff if you got an API token and so on but if you're just using AMA you can work with this entirely offline you can also find this project on GitHub with some great documentation and examples on how to get it up and running it also has many many Advanced features code execution for python it has web searching built in you can create your own AI models that you can extend with python functions again I'm not an expert in this and I probably just use the most simple features that I'm going to show you in this video but just know that if you deploy open web UI as an interface to work with AMA this gives you so many possibilities to extend in the future and and in my opinion it is so much more powerful than just the regular web interface of open AI CH GPD for example so you can really do a lot with this stuff but let's go through the installation so when you go to the official documentation here you can see a guide to quickly get started with that and install it using Docker you can even deploy it in kubernetes yeah or you use Docker compost potman Docker swarm so there are many great tutorials however if you have watched my videos you probably know that I'm a big fan of my templates yeah that I collect in a git repository called boiler plates so here when you go to do compost you will find a new project for open web UI so this we can easily use as a template here you will find the darker compost file or the compost file you can use with your favorite container engine so I'm just going to copy everything and then we're going to deoy a new instance of course we are not deploying this in the lxt container where AMA is running so if I would have deployed this on a v M and in a Docker container then I could do it but of course in the alext container I've not installed the docker engine and I think this is even not recommended by proxmark so proxmark says if you want to use a Docker engine then it's better to use a virtual machine and install the docker there and not use an LXE container so we will just exit from this here AMA is running and we can use it but only from the IP address of my main application server so I will open a new connection to that application server with this IP address and I will create a new directory that I just call open webui demo one so this is what we can use for this project and of course I don't want to work with terminal editors will just use vs code for that and uh with the remote extension I will just connect uh to my remote server so then I will open the project directory that we've just created and then we can work on this just like I would do on a local project directory okay so in here we will create a new compost file for the docker engine and paste everything from my template so of course we want to customize a couple of settings here and let us go through this one by one so you understand what we're deploying here first of all we want to deploy a new container with that image here so this is the image from the getup registry for the open web UI project in the latest version I think the latest version now is 0.516 all right I also like to give my containers a name this is optional but usually I set this uh as the same name as the project here and um what I also want to get rid of is this ports section here because I just prefer uh exposing any web server securely with https certificates and the traffic reverse proxy by the way if you haven't heard about traffic before you're not familiar with this you can expose the ports directly but just know that the connection to the open web UI service is not encrypted then so therefore I would definitely familiarize myself with traffic by the way I I've made a tutorial I will link you that in the description so we will get rid of the port and instead use the prepared traffic labels that I've created here and what I also don't want to do is use the authentic single sign on with open ID connect so I've explained this in my first authentic videos with this you can enable single sign on so that you don't have to create new users for open web UI you can just use the existing users in your authentic directory which is pretty cool of course I will also link you that in the description but for this video we're not going through this we will just use the local user authentication in open web UI the only thing that we need to customize here are the traffic labels and the olama based URL uh because that you can configure to automatically connect open web UI to your AMA instance and if you would be running AMA on the same server where you are deploying open web UI also in a darker container so then you can just refer to the inter's Docker Network container name but in my case I'm not running this in Docker I'm running this in the alexe container on the secondary proxmox node so what I have to fill in here is the IP address of the alexe container that I've configured in proxmox in my case the 10 2020 and of course we also need to store uh the data for open web UI where it's generating the users it also stores a history of your chat windows and stuff so make sure to add this to a Docker volume here I just created a new Docker volume called Data in this uh project compos stack then mounted this into the app backend data directory with read write so this is where open Wei stores its data of course I want to connect this to my Docker Network front end so this is Docker Network where the traffic reverse proxy is running and these labels just work right out of the box with my uh certificate resolver that I've configured in traffic and here I just to change I think I will uh give it a different name because I think my production open web UI System is using this label let's just call it open webui demo and then of course I can use an fqdn for example let's just call it open web ui/ demo1 do and then my server production one. home. see creative. so this DNS record will be forwarded to the IP address of my application server all right and I think that is everything uh we don't need anything else so let's go back to the terminal let's see if the compos file is there and then we can just hit a do compost up/ D to run it in the background all right so now it's pulling down the latest updates and starting up the open webui container all right so now open web UI is uh up and running we can check with the docker compos locks if there are any errors found in the locks this indicates that the service should be up and running it probably takes some time until you can access the web UI so be patient wait a minute or two and then you should be able to open the web UI using the IP address and a port number or just the fqdn that you've defined in the traffic labels so let's just open this in a new private browser window and yeah so here we can log into Open webui click on get started and first of all you will have to set a new admin account so just enter your full name if you want your email address if you like and a strong password all right and then we are logged in we can now use open web UI so uh first of all I want to show you around and so here in the left window you can find your AI chat windows and your chat history you can also click here to your user account and go into settings so here you can configure a couple of things like the theme dark mode or light mode or whatever oh there a her theme oh oh my God okay so let's switch it back to system dark mode you can configure various things about the interface you can connect direct connections to other API endpoints if you want to add CH GPT or anything and if you go to admin settings so this opens a new window where you can configure the administrator configs of open web UI like on connections you can see your AMA API connections so this should be automatically added because we've um created this environment variable with the base URL uh by the way if you've done any mistake here you can still go in the web UI and change the settings in here and here in the model section you can start downloading new models so as you can see I've already downloaded a couple of uh llms to my olama instance if you don't know how to do that well you can just go to ama.com library so here I get a list of all the llms in the official olama Library you can search for something specific and just download it when you go back to open web UI and click on that manage model button here pull a model from ama.com just enter the name of the model so for example you can just uh pull down Lama 3.2 1B so just enter the name in here 1B just download and then it's pulling down the Manifest you also see a progress bar when it's completed and then the new model should appear in this list so I'm not downloading it now um let's just cancel it so this is what I would recommend you to get started with uh just to give you some orientation about the different things here so you can find a meta's llama model this is probably the easiest and the best model to get started with yeah because it can do a variety of tasks and comes in very small sizes as well so it's very simple and fast to download it's probably not the most intelligent model but yeah you can start playing around with this and use it for various type of chats um asking questions um code assistance and whatnot if uh you get back you also find um Microsoft's 54 state-of-the-art open model from Microsoft yeah whatever you want to call it you can also find the uh quen 2.5 models so I really like these models a lot although they are created by alibaba's latest large scale data set but it's pretty intelligent this model is actually pretty good it comes in a variety of different sizes so depending on how much vram your GPU has you can select what model is the most efficient for you it also has a coder Edition so this is uh trained on code specific uh quen models so really great for code refactoring or getting assistance with your programming tasks and so on and of course there is the popular deep seek R1 model so this is one of the first uh reasoning models that you can use so the reasoning models are are kind of a different thing and I will go into detail in this in a second I just wanted to show you what models you probably should get started with let's play around with this thing on my little test instance let me show you some cool stuff what you can do with it so let's switch to the model yeah let's go to llama 3.2 ask it a question yeah there are some suggested things you can start by the way if you don't want these chat Windows to be stored in the history there's also a setting temporary chat so this what you can enable um I will disable this so you can see how the chat Windows pop up here in the history and yeah let's just use one of these example questions show me a code snippet yeah why not let's let's do a technical task here and you can see now it's starting generating some code again because this is a pretty small model it's generating the text very very fast right and you can see open Wei supports uh code blocks yeah it supports syntax highlighting and stuff so it's really really amazing and let's do a different thing uh you can also load multiple models at once so for example let's use the Llama model and add another one and maybe switch to quen CODA let's also use the 7B model okay so that's fine and let's generate a new task for example create a simple python for using the request Library so and then you can see because the Llama model is already loaded into my graphics card it immediately starts generating text again if I go back to my alxe container and execute the AMA PS command you can see that both models are currently loaded into the GPU and they remain for I don't know what's the time out but for a couple of minutes so the next result should be generated much faster for both models you can also see how different these examples are they approach these kind of task in a very different way and this Lama model seems to generate more stuff but I wanted to have a simple example so I like the quoda result more and then you can start using them you can start comparing the models what generates the better result in your opinion let's open a new window here and switch the model to deep seek R14 B so let's give it an interesting task here I will just copy something that I've prepared which is create a Python program that requires the YouTube API so I can check what was my La latest YouTube video I've published and posted to Discord would be a nice task right so now you can see this is doing something different and it's adding a thinking box and this is part of the reasoning task that the AI model does you can see it thought for 19 seconds which might seem a pretty long time if you click on that drop down button you can also see what it was thinking and if you follow this you can see that the reasoning model try to imitate some sort of human thinking process like an AI is trying to solve a puzzle Yeah by piecing together Clues and making smart guesses it takes the information finds out what makes the most sense based on the patterns it has learned and then finally comes up with an answer that hopefully does what you wanted right so you can see because it was thinking what I have to do it provided me some step-by-step instructions for this task like setting up a Google project and YouTube data API setting up a Discord bot by the way which is pretty cool with references to the links and so on install the required python libraries for the Google API and the Discord and then gave me a python script example that I can I don't know I probably would not just copy and paste it and run it but I can analyze and work on and yeah then we even have some future steps um how to customize and run this script and so on so this is pretty amazing so whenever you have to make like logical decisions or problem solving things the reasoning model make a lot of sense because they have this thinking process and they are able to solve more complex tasks that's it about a short introduction let me also show you something else which is also pretty cool because the llms they usually can just use the information that they have or that they were trained on what could happen if an llm would be able to search the internet so to some people this might sound like the end of the world but it's actually a pretty cool feature so if I go in here and go to uh settings and go to web search so here you can enable web searching and you can also select a search engine so what is pretty cool you can also use this search xng which is the local search engine I probably have to do a video about it at some point but honestly it wasn't high on my priority list here so maybe we will see when I have time to do it but you can use other search engines like Microsoft Bing Dr go is probably what I would use to get it just quickly up and running and click on save so then when I go back let's open a new chat window on select one of the faster models for example let's pick llama I think that was loaded in the memory and let's enable rep searching so then I can give it an a different task something like who is uh Christian lamper I don't know uh if the model was trained on me but probably not so it will need web searching for it so here you can see it's generating the search request searching Christian Lampa biography and there are six websites that it searched and here you can see a Christian L also known as creative okay is a YouTube content creator and Lego Enthusiast 99.8k followers on his social media platforms what so yeah I think I got like almost 10K followers on on Instagram Tik Tok and these kind of platforms but on YouTube I obviously have more he primary focus creating content around Home laabs Technology pop culture whatever means pop culture right often incorporating his passion for Lego into his work that is not true so it came up with something really weird but anyways here you can also see um it used six website and maybe there's something in here that wasn't quite right or provided wrong information or outdated information to this result okay guys so I think that wasn't really planned but it creates a great segue into what I wanted to say at the end and this is part of the reason why I personally didn't want to make AI based content on my channel in the early days because if you see the results here you cannot trust an AI model even if it's using web searching it it comes up with wrong Clues it comes sometimes it uses outdated or wrong data and the results that came up with isn't actually correct this is what an llm was never built for it was never built for providing correct answers so even though it came up with some great code I cannot trust anything in here I have to manually check everything and maybe there will be a point where AI models will be Superior to humans at some point but I don't see this future right now so I see this as a tool it is amazing for experimenting it's helping me a lot for creating content solving uh complex technical tasks explaining topics creating code refactoring code and these type of things but I would say never solely rely on an AI model see this as a fun learning project and I will try to find out in the next months what would be the right angle to approach this type of content on my channel how much I will approach it in the content we will see in the future but anyway guys I believe this video is already too long so I'm going to stop at this point I hope this video helped you a bit to get your head around AMA and open web UI and it helped you to set up these things to play around and experiment with AI in your home lab in a secure in a private way if you haven't done it already make sure to like And subscribe for more content thank you so much for watching this video and a big thanks goes out to all my supporters and channel members you make all these free tutorials possible and as always I'm going to catch you in the next one take care bye-bye

=== FASTEST Way to Host Your Website with Linux and Docker! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJxhx5wEAzA

hey everybody Chris J here and today I'd like to show you the fastest and the best way to set up a Linux VPS a virtual private server for web hosting because I'm planning to deploy a new website for myself in the next months so I thought why not take you along the journey and document the whole project in some videos my plan for running the web server is to partner with today's sponsor hostinger where you can easily set up a public Linux VPS in just a few seconds before you ask why I don't set it up on the proxmox server in my home lab well my home lab is great for experimentation and testing but I'm not really running it 24/7 so on the weekends or when I'm on vacation which happens sometimes honestly not as often as I wish but yeah when it happens I like to shut down my servers but of course for my public website I need an infrastructure that's running all the time regardless of what I'm doing at home so that's why I picked hostinger they have some great options for that and deal with all the hardware stuff and the virtual servers for me still I'd like to be in control when it comes to the installation and the application deployment because I just love to do that and I think it will be interesting for you to see if you'd like to set up your own little website or whatever web project you'd like to work on so let's get started all right guys so before we jump right into installing the server and deploying everything I'd like to show you the project plan that I've developed for today so that gives you a better understanding of how the different component components that we're using in this tutorial work in combination and how things come together so at first I'm deploying a new server that I call server production 12 yeah I'm actually using 12 servers right now in my entire deployment 11 systems in my home lab and the 12th one will be on the hosting infrastructure that I give a fully qualified domain name server production 12. cloud. crave. so because I'd like to differentiate my home environment from the public Cloud environment that I'm going to set up also I will install a pre-built image on the hostinger VPS that is running darker so this is a Linux distribution based on ubun 244 LTS so we don't have to go through the installation procedure by the way if you want to do that manually or if you want to set up a web server somewhere else that doesn't have a pre-build Docker image I've also made a tutorial about it so if you want to learn more about Docker in general also about the commands and the deployments that we're covering in this video check it out I will put you a link to this tutorial in the description down below but I I think most of you guys will be pretty familiar with this technology if you're following my Channel at least and yeah so that's what we're using in this video and it also should be no surprise to you that we're using as small engine X web server also my favorite free and open source web server project so this is what I will use to host my new website Christian l. so that will be the final name later when I'm done with all of the Web projects and we're also throwing traffic reverse proxy in the mix so this is also a free and open source project you can easily deploy in a Docker container and this acts like a reverse proxy for all of your projects that you're deploying so you can easily just forward any incoming requests using trusted uh TLS certificates and encrypted https connections so when somebody opens the website in the browser it will usually initiate an encrypted connection using https that requires TLS certificates and the traffic reverse proxy will terminate the TLs connection to the client initiate a secure connection and then forward those Network requests or those HTTP requests to the actual unprotected web server and this will be inside a local Docker Network so I think this is a very secure and comfortable way to expose any websites to the public internet and make sure that my websites are all secured and the data connection is encrypted now what we also need for issuing the TLs certificates as you might know is a public domain that I'm managing on my public DNS provider Cloud flare so this is also where the DNS requests go to when somebody tries to um resolve the IP address for Christian lamp. this request goes to cloudflare and cloudflare will respond with the IP address of my public uh Cloud Server and then the user can initiate a new https connection to that IP address where traffic will pick up the request also for issuing The Trusted TL certificates I will use the um akma provider this is by the way fully automated by the the traffic reverse proxy also very comfortable I've also made a separate tutorial about this component if you're new to traffic and you want to get some more details about how to deploy and how this all works also I will put you a link to this video in the description just to quickly explain why did I choose hostinger and a VPS for running my website as I said in the beginning of the video I just need an infrastructure that's running 24/7 with a 99% up time regardless what I'm doing at home but of course there would be other possibil is to set up a website like on hostinger they also have a WordPress offering where they completely take care of running the application and managing everything and you just need to log in and edit your website with the WordPress website builder but honestly I personally don't like WordPress so much yeah I like to be in control what actually happens on my server and how I'm deploying and managing the different websites because I'm planning to deploy a static website using the Hugo framework so that's a topic for a future video but just know that if you want to have the most flexibility when it comes to application deployments and what exactly you're running on your web server I think you just need a virtual private server a Linux operating system where you can go into the terminal and you can install and deploy everything on your own might be a bit more complicated but as we are it guys I think this is just a bread and butter of what we're doing all day and hostinger is really a great provider um it's trusted by over 3 million customers worldwide that they have great VPS plans so this is based on the Linux KVM system the same KVM virtualization technology I'm using in proxmox in my homeab by the way so I'm very familiar with this they have data centers worldwide located in USA Brazil France Germany this is actually really important for me because I'm living in Germany and of course I'd like to run my website on a German data center so I don't like my data or my website to be shared in a different country they also use Modern Hardware and Technology like nvme SSD storage and AMD epic processors running on industry-leading HP and Del servers spread across the different continents so that is kind of nice they also have a fast network connection with 300 megabytes per second upload and download so very suitable for running web servers and they also take care of all the backups and snapshots so they make it very easy to roll back anything when you've done something wrong they also allow you to install many different Linux operating systems with a oneclick option for your server so you can run these Linux distributions like buntu that that's my personal favorite but you could also think about running deian Rocky Linux Alma Linux sentos so these are kind of the new uh Downstream distributions of the redhead Enterprise Linux system when they switched centers to an upstream drro so also kind of nice options very very common but they also have um control panels and apps so if you're into uh building a web hosting service for customers or something like this you probably want to use plas or C panel uh just that you know these require still additional licenses so they are not uh free but usually if you're running just a website for yourself uh I don't use any of these systems I usually prefer running an operating system like huntu and then install some other application using container orchestration with darkos so that's just how I do it in my home lab and the same way I'm using it on my Linux VPS and the cool thing is uh they also have a firewall and DDOS protection built in so you can easily set up Fireball rules to deny any traffic to the SSH connection just for your uh public IP address for example we'll also go through that later because I think that's very important to secure your server by the way if you'd like to set up a Linux VPS on hostinger as well I now have a special offering for you just use my code Lampa before you check out this will get you an additional 10% off all of the plans so make sure you don't miss that of course you will find the code with a link to hosting in the description box down below once you signed up for an account and set up your payment and all of this stuff you can go and add your new VPS to the hosting or service offering so of course I'm choosing the location in Germany as you can see this has the lowest latency as I'm living in the same country and they also reduce your website carbon footprint this data runs on 100% Renewable Power it's also kind of an interesting argument to me personally I don't know if you're interested in this but I just can speak for myself I I think this is actually pretty important to me and also part of the reason why I'm chosing hosting are now when it comes to selecting the operating system as I said you can choose from plain operating systems or Os with a panel but I personally like to deploy the docker application image so this runs on an Ubuntu 240 for LTS server and already has Docker engine and all of the tools already installed let's select this plan and then I would also recommend you to set up an SSH key now what is an SSH key you can use it to access your servers terminal securely that uses a so-called asymmetric authentication method which generates a private and a public key paare so the private key remains on your device only you should have access to it and the public key is uploaded to your web server so when you authenticate with your private key the web server checks if both of these Keys match and if they do it initiates a secure and encrypted connection and then you can access and administrate your web server so to quickly do that we'll use the tool SSH key gen to generate a new private and public key pair which should be installed by default on your device so I'm using a Mac as you might have noticed but I think it's also installed by default on any Windows machine so you should be able to follow this in a Powershell console as well and on Linux of course this also available note that in my old videos and tutorials whenever I was using SSH keys I always used the default algorithm RSA and this is still secure yeah even some people might say differently but still um RSA when using larger key sizes is absolutely fine however in recent years there has been some develop around SSH keys in algorithm and I would recommend whenever deploying new SSH Keys using modern elliptic curve algorithms more specifically you the Ed uh 25519 which is much more efficient compared to RSA especially in terms of key size and performance and it also it slowly becomes the standard in TLS certificates and SSH Keys as well so uh with a-t um ed25519 you can just generate a new key now then you can uh say in which file you want to save the private key usually by default it will be stored in users directory. SSH and then with the name idore and then the algorithm so I will just hit enter I already have generated such a key for testing purposes so um I'm just going to override it and then you can also Define a passphrase so the passphrase defines if you when you use your SSH key to authenticate to the server if you still have to enter a password to um decrypt the private SSH key this is for security however this is your personal private device usually nobody has access to it and you might have a dis encryption on your laptop or something like this I think you can still start it without a passphrase you don't need to enter a password all the time when you try to access it to your server which is part of the reason why we use SSH as well so now that we have generated this file again the private key is stored in this file here and a corresponding public key has been generated with the same name dop at the end and this is actually the file that we can store on the server because this is a public key I can just share it with anybody even you can see it because this public key is only used for decrypting the packets that are encrypted with a private key more specifically without the private key you cannot do anything with a public key right here I can just paste the content of the file here I can also give it a name something like uh I usually add the comment that was generated at the end from the device where this key has been generated on and then click save all right so you can also enable the Monarch's malware scanner that is uh protecting your VPS from potential threats and mous files I don't know much about this uh scanner to be honest I haven't really seen this in uh IND but I think this is a malware scanner that is included into the hosting or plan so you don't need to set up clam a or another popular malware scanner you already have that on board I think this is really nice now we can select the plan so I'm choosing the most popular plan KVM 2 as this offers two CPU cores 8 GB of memory a 100 GB mvme dis space 8 tab bandwith and one snapshot I think this is totally sufficient I think for a small web server if you're just running a personal website that you don't need more this is this is totally fine right so no hostinger is installing and provisioning my new Linux VPS as you can see it is just damn simple to set it up in my case it even didn't take a minute so it's really really fast and now we are done we are ready so the first thing that I do is changing the host name and set this to the public server name that it will have later and here in the settings menu you can also manage additional settings uh like like setting up the emergency mode change and add more SSH Keys delete unnecessary logs change DNS settings and so on here in backup and monitoring you can manage the snapshots that you can create if you make changes just create a snapshot before making the changes in the security settings you can also inspect details of the malware scanner if you got any compromised or malicious files and you can also change the fireball settings this is the first thing that I'd like to do because I want to secure um the access to my server because current everybody has just access to anything on the public IP address which doesn't necessarily have to be a problem if you have a strong password or a strong SSH key authentication however I'm not going to allow that on my server I also want to keep my locks clean and and yeah for secure reasons I think it is good to set up a firewall uh by the way hosting a firewalls automatically drop any incoming traffic which means you have to add a specific accept rules for all the ports that you want to use anything else will be dropped so it might happen that you lock yourself out of the server if you're doing something wrong here but it is not really as bad as it sounds as you can always lock in and turn off the firewall and then uh adjust the firewall rules okay so first of all I want to give the firewall a name I will just give it the name uh firewall production 2 and in here you can go to edit and then you can add um firewall rules here that accept connections first of all I want to accept HTTP um that is a port 80 on the source from Source anywhere so of course I need that for my public web server so anybody should be able to reach the port 80 and for for free for https I also want to allow icmp now icmp uh doesn't have a port this is a different protocol that is used for Ping requests so when you ping the public IP address or the host name of your server it defines if the ping request goes through to your device that can answer it back so some web servers don't allow ping requests but they still accept cep HTTP or https connections it's up to you if you want to allow this I think it is important for monitoring aspect because uh when I want to monitor the uptime of my server I might want to use a ping request to see if the server is still up and running so therefore I'm going to allow this um from anywhere so I'm going to add the rule and also icmp on the IPv6 protocol from anywhere let's just allow this and now uh when I want to access from my local device using the terminal um using SSH um I also want to accept SSH on the port 22 but not for everybody because I don't want the public internet to uh attempt uh SSH logins to my public server um I want to add a custom IP address here so here you can add your public IP address if you got a static IP at home if you don't there are also some vpns and solutions that allow you to initiate connections from inside the server so there you don't have to add any fire roll rules so I've made some tutorials about vpns and those kind of Technologies as well on my channel so if you are interested in check it out I will add you a playlist or a link to a video in the description all right so now um I have added my Fireball um if you want to enable this for your server just uh click on the enable button this will activate the fireball configuration and all the rules will be processed so now we can test if we can still reach my server no there's one thing I want to do the DNS setting I think this also pretty important because I don't want to always use the IP address to connect to my server of course I want to use that host name here that I've defined when we go to the DNS manager you can also add your um public domain to hostinger and manage it here I'm doing this for some domains but not for everything so for my crave. domain for example I'm using cloudflare to manage this and um let me also quickly show you how that's working because we'll need it for DNS and so on anyways all right so here in the cloud flare console I just want to create a new DNS record I want to use an a record that is not proxied so we will add a a second DNS record for my website later that will be proxied but not for the connection to the actual server so here I just want to use the server production 12. Cloud so this will get me the fqdn that I want to Define for Connect to the server I want to add the public IP address of the web server and uh and turn off the proxy settings so this is DNS only so now let's open a new terminal and do an NS look up on this uh website you can see the DNS record already resolves to the correct IP address so that's totally fine and if you just um open an SSH connection for the root user uh to this DNS name we should be there and here we are at my server all right cool so the first thing that we do is we want to see if all the application services and everything is up and running correctly let's see if Docker is installed yep that's also working fine so perfect um so the first thing that I always do is uh I will update all the packages on the Linux operating system so let's refresh the packet sources and do an update so there are a few packages that can be upgraded here so let's just do that so our server is updated it and the next thing is so currently we're using the root user to log in uh which doesn't have to be necessarily a problem but I personally just don't like to use the root user to administrate my servers I usually add a separately managed user so therefore I want to add a new user that I call xcat so the name that I'm using on my local device um I will add a new strong password to it all right fine so now we have the user but the user is not an administ trer user yet so we need to use the user mod command and add the user to the group sudu and also Docker so then my user can also manage the docker socket otherwise it does not work and you still have to use pseudo commands to do that uh I will also um enter the command V sudu because somewhere here we can also Define if the user um or members of the admin or the root user have to use a password when entering sud commands and I don't like this I want to add the word no pass WD column and yeah that should be fine all right so now let's exit and save the file so what we now need to do is we now need to copy our public SSH key to the new user as well because currently um the public SSH key is only valid for the root user so we will use the command SSH copy ID for for my user and then I will use the uh server production 12. cloud. crave. name the uh public SSH key will be automatically added to the new server and then we can initiate a new connection with our current user and it should automatically work and we can also check if we enter pseudo commands like uh pseudo app update we can also now um run any Docker commands on this user and I think this is for me personally uh the best way to set up the Linux operating system there are probably more security best practices you can follow and apply like enabling the uncomplicated firewall unbuntu but honestly because we have a firewall setup on hosting or we don't actually need it on the operating system in my opinion uh you can also think about disabling the root user but I'm not going to make this a security video I think these are the minimum best practices that you should use to when you deployed a new Linux VPS so now that we have all the tools ready with have Docker and all of this stuff we can immediately get it up and running um I will create a new directory in my users uh directory that I just call engine X production 2 so um here in this folder we want to create a new darker compost file that we can use to manage the darker container in an easy way by the way I'm not going to give you an introdu to Docker right now because I I assume most people know it already again if you don't I've made a Docker tutorial Series so check it out on YouTube this will teach you all the fundamentals you have to know and if you want easy templates for Docker compose I am also managing a GitHub repository where I'm collecting any config templates for various tools and Technologies uh like Docker compose as well so here you can find a huge collection of different application deployments just like engine X so is the first deployment that we use and here in the compose file for example um there I have defined each and everything so we can now use the terminal to create a new file like Vim uh editor when you're comfortable with that but honestly I prefer using visual studio code um as my editor because it has a pretty cool extension here that is called remote SSH and I'm using it in all of my videos so we can know just open a new connection here um select the server in the list once you have that you should see a new terminal window in here and you can easily just open a new folder on your remote machine this is pretty cool so I'm just opening my users folder here uh yes I trust everything and then we can see here's the folder engine X production 2 um that's the same in our terminal as well so here we can create a new compost file for dark compost and I just want to paste each and everything from my template in here we also need a config file so if we go back to the template you can see there is a data folder where we can put the content of our website in and there is a config folder with a default docon so this is is a very minimalistic and simple configuration file for enginex of course there are many more settings uh for engine X existing so if you want to check it out on the enginex website there's also a beginner guide that will uh go through how to manage it and how the config configuration file is structured and yeah all of the different settings here like HTTP settings that will give you a full documentation on how to use it but yeah again um I will keep it simple so we don't actually need so many configuration settings so this configuration file will just tell the server hey please open a new web server listen on the port 80 remember this is the unencrypted HTTP Port uh the server name underscore so this is a placeholder for any website name you can add different virtual servers on enginex for different website names and forward them to different file locations and attach different settings for the different websites but I think uh when you're using container orchestration and to deploy different web services or different websites it might be good good practice to actually run a separate container for each and every website so that you don't have to configure the engine X container itself just deploy separate engine X servers with different websites and parallel on the same server this is how I would approach it so I try to keep the configuration minimalistic the location of the website is here in the user share enginex HTML directory the index file will be index.html the access lock I will keep on so then I keep an a lock of each and every request to my website and this configuration file uh if we go back to the compos file will be mounted um in here so it will Mount the configuration file from the current project directory config default docon in the location where the enginex server expects it and we will also Mount the data directory so anything that goes in uh this directory here so this is where we will put our website in will go in the containers file system user share engine X HTML as a readon file system so I think that is uh the best way to set it up and by the way this is currently exposing the port 80 and 4 for free 4 for free we actually don't need because we're not using https on this web server and what might be also important is the um Docker image so this is the latest version of the image that you were using if there is a new version I will update my boiler plates template but you can also just check on the docker Hub what is the latest tag uh that was published for the engine X container image on so this is in this case it's 1. 1274 I'm using the Alpine image as it is a bit smaller and a bit more efficient so maybe I want to update this version here 1. 2074 this is this is the latest version here that's available all right so then we also have some labels for the traffic reverse PR so we're not covering it yet so I will cover it later in a few minutes um there's one other requirement that I want to take care of and this is the docker Network so here I'm defining a Docker Network that is called front end which is externally managed so that means it is not generated and created in the compost file we have to go into the terminal and create this doer Network first so just type in docka network create front end and um then you have added a new network to the docker networks that are created by default so then your container will be attached to this network and I think that should be fine of course we we need to add a small example uh index.html here so I will say this is my new website so just keep it very simple right and then we can go back to the terminal and type in Darker compose up DD this will pull down the docker image that we have defined in the commos file and start up the container if you want to see what's happening inside the docker container you can just use the docker compos locks command so this will show you the application locks and you can also type in dock compos PS to see if the container is up and running and if everything is fine so now if we make a web request so I'm just going to open new a private browser window and try to open a new connection using HTTP on the server name server Pro to cloud. creative. let's hit enter and as you can see this is my website that is now served by my small container all right so one thing you might have noticed is that this connection is still not secure of course we're using an unencrypted HTTP connection we haven't issued trusted TLS certificates and anything like this so this is the next task that we have to do and set up a secure https connection to our website so that's what I've already mentioned in the beginning of the video we are throwing in another application or another component in the mix that is called traffic of course I've also created a boiler plate for deploying this application here uh when you go to doer compose and go to traffic there you will find a config file with some uh config examples for several Advanced configurations and a compost file so this is the first thing that we're going to use so let's go in here and create a new directory so uh let's go in their terminal and create a new directory traffic production 7 and let's go into this project directory and vs code as well create a new compost. yl file paste everything from the terminal so I'm just going to remove a couple of unnecessary things here in this compost file we will deploy a new traffic container from the version 3.3.3 image uh give it a container name traffic I think that's fine we going to expose the port 80 and Port 4 for fre for https so we need both and uh we want to add one volume here um that is giving traffic access to the docker socket so that is necessary for uh receiving the configuration files from the different container labels and then we want to add a new config directory in here actually this is something that I might want to change in the future um as I want to use a Docker volume for the certificate management I will update my boiler plates later so I will just um use the name Sears and create a new volume and um the configuration directory this is a regular Mount point in here so let's add a new folder and copy the example configuration file from my boiler plates templates so this is traffic. yml so we can use this here just create this file traffic. yml put everything in here and yeah I'm also going to remove a couple of UN accessory sections we don't want to enable access log or the dashboard this is not a good idea in production what we want to enable is the redirection from HTTP to https because I don't want anyone to use insecure HTTP connections to open my website and now again I have explained this in detail in my traffic video so if you really want to know how that's working go and watch the traffic tutorial this will go through all of the details how to set up the uh Cloud flare provider how to generate a new API token and all of this stuff so I'm skipping it in this video as as I've already covered it before I'm going to remove this section we don't need this and yep so I think that's all we need one thing I just need to do is um to copy the cloudflare API token so I'm going to use an environment variable so I'm going to create a new file in here that I called EnV where we can Define the token secret so just put your secret API token in here just go to your cloudflare dashboard go to your profile section profile and then create a new API token in here um use the added Zone template and here you can give it a name I will just give it the name traffic production 7 token and here instead of uh giving it the permissions for a specific Zone I want to give it the permissions to all zones because I want to issue ATS certificates for my different domain where I'm running my website on later so that's why I need the permissions for all the DNS zones continue to summary create token and then you can copy the value put it in here and then your traffic instance should be up and running so one thing before we do this is we need to make some adjustments to our engine X container because uh when you try to run this besides engine X um engine X is still using the port 80 and when traffic tries to use the same port this does not work because they can only be one service that um listens on the same port on a Linux machine so therefore we are going to shut down the engine X container uh for now so let's switch back to the engine X directory take the compos project down and then we want to remove this part here because we don't want to expose the container P directly anymore again this will be accessible through traffic and what we have to do here is we need to change the traffic labels here according to our config so here the certificate resolver is cloud flare so that should be the same as you have def finded in the traffic. ml config file here the certificate resolver that you have configured and then you need to change the host rule name so that will be the name of the website you want uh engine X to serve um so in my case I'm going to use a testing website so this will not be the real name of the website later I have to replace with the real website name Christian lamp. when I've put the real website content into the data directory but for now this testing website should just be accessible so I can see if everything is working fine so let's go in here let's uh take the X Project up and go back into the traffic um container let's also take this up uh additional property volume is not allowed ah okay all right so um there's a type mistake here so I just um called it volume it should be volumes right okay so that's now pulling down the latest uh traffic image taking the container up try to open the website again this is a certificate warning because the certificate um is not trusted yet it is the traffic default search so it might take a few seconds for traffic to issue a new trusted dealer certificate so to see if we got any errors in here we can just see and follow the locks here so if there are any errors with the certificate generation and um signing process you should see it here in the error locks but I don't see anything in here maybe it just takes a few minutes time so um I might just re want to read refresh and now the certificate warning has gone away can also see it when you click on the small lock icon here show the certificate then you can see now I got a new um TLS certificate that is issued by let's encrypt using the cloudflare provider for this domain so this is valid in trusted we got no warning and we also use a secure https connection to access my website and the only thing that I now have to do when my new website is finished I will just have to go in here to the data directory put in the content of my static website that I'm going to develop and change the name to Christian l. and then everything will be up and running fine all right so that's it about my new Linux VPS project on hosting I hope you enjoyed this video and it helped somebody to get a better understanding on how you can set up your own small web server where you can just put a website on and yeah of course as I can imagine this is just the first part of the project series uh I'm planning to do more so the next step will be installing the new website I'm currently building with Hugo so that's going to take some time of course because yeah I'm building this thing on my own using some HTML CSS and yeah I'm not really an expert in this field to be honest but once I'm done with it I'm going to make another tutorial I think this will be a pretty cool series but yeah that's it for today thank you so much for watching Everybody a big Thanks goes out to all of my members and supporters and I'm going to catch you in the next video take care bye-bye

=== Central Log Management for Docker + Linux // Grafana Loki ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK9FI4OfPUY

hey everybody this is Christian and today we're diving into Central Lock management with grafana Loki if you're sick of running through multiple places like logging into remote servers dangling through the different lock files and trying to search for something using basic terminal tools trust me guys this is the right video for you because grafana Loi makes lock management so freaking easy you can access any lock files from darker containers to different serers CIS loocks whatever you need from one central place where you can easily filter and search for exactly the part that you're looking for this is absolutely amazing and as you can imagine this is super important to know and use in professional it environments but of course it's also a huge help in your home Labs as well I've just deployed grafana Loki in my home lab environment and connected it to my existing grafana monitoring system that makes troubleshooting issues on my servers and containers so much easier and today I'm going to show you how to set this up securely of course so we'll use the traffic reverse proxy with trusted T certificates to encrypt all the data and we can even throw authentic in the mix to make sure all our systems are protected with a secure machine to machine authentication I know this requires many different components and Technologies to have in place from previous videos so if you haven't watched them especially the grafana traffic and authentic tutorials I will leave you a link to them in the description box down below below so you can follow this video but if you've gone through all of this in the end you should have a solid and secure Central Lock management system for your it environments so I hope you're going to enjoy it and if you're wondering how to connect all the different Target devices and services you want to collect locks from to your local network environment I want to show you what I'm using in my home lab because if you want simple and secure remote access I think there's no better service than twin gate the sponsor of today's video twin gate is a Zer trust network access platform that beats all traditional vpns because it is so much more secure and also simpler to set up every access request that leaves your devices has to be authorized so if it isn't or if your device looks a bit sketchy twin gate won't let the request even go through and it even works through not devices and firewalls without any port for Bings required or firewall exceptions it is super smart for example if you're running a local web server or you want to connect over SS age to your local machines twin gate makes it super easy to access it securely and the best is you can use twin gate completely for free with up to five users and connect to 10 different remote networks if you want to check it out I've put together a few tutorials on Twin gate on how to set it up and use it in your darker kubernetes or devops environments so definitely check it out and start securing your network of course I'll drop you a link to the website in the description down below all right guys so now let's get started with grafana Loki and S Cal lock management first of all I want to give you a quick overview of what Central Lock management actually means why do we use it in it and how does it generally work now grafana Loi is what we call a horizontally scalable High available multi-tenant lock aggregation system that has been inspired by Prometheus so for those of you who don't know Prometheus this is another pretty popular tool that we use in it to collect and aggregate metrics from different types of systems now to quickly explain what is the difference between locks and metrics metrics are kind of Statistics that are reported by Services applications or systems something like how high is the CPU load or how much is the memory or disk utilization how many users are currently locked into your system and all of these statistics and reportings can be collected and aggregated in a huge database using promethus and then you can search and filter through that database query information you can also use the grafana system to visualize and get some better insight into performance and those kind of things of your systems and what promethus is for metrix Graf Loki is somewhat for locks so this is also a huge database where you collect and ingest all the different locks that are created on your servers or created by your applications and they often contain information about errors that occur at a specific time but also informational things warnings traces so this is super useful to troubleshoot and follow the execution path of a program to find out at which point something went wrong so as you can imagine this is also super important in it environment so we actually need both we need metrics for performance statistics and we need locks to troubleshoot systems when something went wrong or getting alerts about specific events that occur on our systems now one of the biggest differences between grafana Loki and other competitive lock aggregation systems something like elastic search for example is that grafana Loki is designed to be a bit simpler and coste effective so it doesn't index the entire content of your locks it is only attaching labels to it that are indexed making it faster and consuming less resources I've also created a short presentation of the architecture of grafana Loki to explain how the different components work and how they interact with each other so in the middle we have grafana Loki this is the huge database that contains and manages all the locks from the different systems here on the left side you can see we can use a bunch of different lock collectors something like promail which is a very simple service application that can scrape through all the different files grab everything that it finds there and sends it to graph Loi attached with the right label so you can later find out what was the location what was the time and which service or which lock file does it come from there's also another pretty cool thing that is also a reason why I wanted to get my head around graan Loki and this is the docker plugin so you can also easily collect all the different locks that the container applications Ry to your system and also send this all to grafana Loki with attaching the labels for each container so you can easily filter and search for anything that has been locked on your container orchestration systems super useful and by the way these are not the only lock collectors that are existing for graphi there are many many more as you can imagine there is something like Rafa alloy so this is kind of a more complex a new application that is aiming to replace prom tail and also has a bunch of other different features something like Integrations with kubernetes and stuff but honestly I didn't want to be too complicated in the first video so we will start with those two lock collectors we will connect the docker plugin and prom tail so this is probably the most simple way to start but just know there are other loog collectors so you can add your kubernetes locks and send it to graph Loki you can add custom lock collectors that through specific applications or specific files that you're defining and then when grafana Loi receives all the locks it will store it somewhere in a Central Storage location so there are different types of storage options as well for example an S3 bucket Google uh cloud storage and you can or you can just write it to the file system now one thing you should um keep in mind for these different types of storage systems is that the file system isn't really recommended in production but we will use it as I don't want to use a cloud storage for this demonstration if you want to find out more about the storage options there's also a great documentation page that will explain what are the two different types of data so in grafana Loki there are data chunks and data indexes and these are two different types of storage to quickly explain when graph Loi receives all the locks you can imagine this can grow up a lot in size and uh to make it efficient it is using these labels and stores them in an index storage and the index just contains all the necessary data to find the relevant lock file so it has a link to the actual content of the locks that is stored in the chunk data in a compressed format and this you can store in production systems in an S3 bucket GCS all of these Cloud things but as I said previously I don't like using these Cloud systems in my home lab I'm just using a simple file system and to quickly return to the presentation there's also another component that you might need and this is the grafana dashboard most of you guys probably have it already running in your home lives because I've made a video about grafana and how to visualize metrics in promethos or influx DB using the grafana dashboard the cool thing about grafana Loki is that you don't need another dashboard you don't need another graphical user interface you can just connect grafana Loki to your existing grafana uh instance so that is also one of the reasons why I picked grafana Loki instead of other lock aggregation systems because I'm running grafana dashboard already I absolutely love it and I think it just was the best decision to use grafana Loki because I can easily connect these two systems and then I have my metrics and my locks in one central place I think this absolutely fantastic and there's also another cool Advantage if you want to visualize locks and you're familiar with Prometheus if you know promql you are also with lock ql so there's no new language that you need to learn but don't worry if you're not familiar with these quer languages I don't know them myself either so we're not covering it in this video maybe in a future video but for this video you just need those components here and to make it a bit more secure of course we are throwing in traffic and also authentic but those two things are kind of optional all right so that's it about the presentation don't worry there's just one more theoretical part that we need to cover before jumping into the terminal and get it up and running so um we need to cover how to set this whole thing up because grafana Loki might sound like a simple and easy lock aggregation system but it can get complicated as well if you really drill into all the different components so there are different types of lowkey deployment modes depending on what you want in your environment the first there is the monolithic mode this is by the way also the most simple mode and the mode that we are cover covering in this tutorial so don't worry it's not getting too complicated but the monolithic mode actually runs all the different components inside a single process or container which is great for single server environments if you want to set up grafana Loki in a darker container and this can handle approximately about 20 gbt per day so this is already pretty sophisticated and can work in even smaller uh professional environments as well and by the way if you want to combine this with a shared volume something like NFS or s3e you you can also scale this as well you shouldn't underestimate this setup right but if you have something like a kubernetes cluster already deployed somewhere and you want to make raan Loki High available and to make it support a lot more data you can use the simple scalable mode by using the Loki Helm chart so I haven't tested this yet in my home lab maybe I'll do that but this will just run it in kubernetes and this supports things like high availability autoscaling it is able to process Lar of files up to a few terabyte locks per day so this is probably what you would use in a midsize company Enterprise environment whatever you want to call it and if you really want to get crazy I don't think anybody will do this but you can also theoretically set it up in microservices mode which means you run all of these individual components as separate processes or containers that you can all scale as much as you need but just know uh yeah this is for really the big big Enterprise companies and honestly yeah we're not diving into this topic today don't worry all right so to get it up and running you can use the installation uh documentation that grafana Loki provides it's it's not bad it's pretty good but honestly I don't want to go through this because I think that most of you guys will have a running Docker setup if you're watching and following my videos you probably have grafana traffic and Docker and all of these things running if you don't well I've collected a list with all the previous videos that you need link is in the description and I don't want to use this tutorial instead I will point you to my boiler plates repository where I'm collecting Snippets and configurations for all different technologies that we are covering here on this channel so for example if you go to doer compose uh I've created a new directory called Low Kei here you'll find a Docker compost file that we can use all right so now I want to set this up and I want to use my testing server for this so on this testing server I'm already running a traffic instance that we can use to expose graun Loki securely with TLS certificates and then we can connect all the different lock collectors from different servers or uh infrastructure I think this is a good way to set up and let me first create a new directory that I call Loki and CD into this project and of course I'm also going to open this on my new code editor and let's create a new compost file in the Loki directory on my testing server so in here of course I will copy and paste everything from my boiler plates templates so we can get started what we also need is a config file so here I'm going to create a new config directory and a config.yml file and paste the content from my Bower plate so here in the config directory you can find an example configuration file so let me just go through the two files so you know what is happening inside here this command here will uh tell graphi to start with the config.yml file that we will put in Etc Loki directory so if you scroll down you can see I am creating a new Mount point that mounts the config file from the current project directory config config.yml inside the containers file system at this position Etc Loki config doyo as readon mode so then it starts with the configuration that you put in this file and then we also need a volume to store the locks again um if we go into the config file um you can see that I'm using the tsdb storage so what is recommended for the index store and for the object store so that is the file system so everything in the/ Loi directory inside the container file system you have to put in a Docker volume and just to complete this config file so I've mostly copied everything that you find in here from the official documentation so I've not made any big changes to this but you can of course also go into the official documentation here and then you can find information about all the different configuration settings best practices examples and so on so I'm not going through all of this because the example that I found from the single monolithic deployment that seems to work great in my setup so you can basically just leave this config file as it is you don't need to change anything in here one thing you might know from my videos and tutorials I'm always including the traffic reverse proxy whenever I can because it allows you to see securely expose any darker containers with trusted TLS certificates because by default when you expose the port 3,100 grafana Loki this is using a web service so therefore I think it is not a good idea to just expose the port 3,100 it has no authentication it has no encryption and it's not stopping anyone from just connecting to this service and gather all the lock files from your system so I think it is a good idea to secure this connection and the first step to secure this is remove the ports part when the traffic reverse proxy is running on the same Docker host you can just easily uncomment these lines here make sure that you set the network front end according to your doer Network where traffic is running and then it is also important that you customize these labels a bit so the first one will enable traffic um to look for any config labels on this container the second one will set the internal server Port of the Loki service to port 3,100 and the next um labels are for the traffic router so I will create a new router called Loki for the entry points web secure so I only want to expose it on TLS and not the unencrypted https port and here in the host rule you can set your rule so in my case I'm using an fqdn that I have created on my local DNS server and that will resolve everything so every subdomain in front of the server test one. home. crave. to the internal IP address of the server where we want to deploy Loki I want to add a new name for this let's just give it the name Loki I think that's fine and then of course I want to enable TS I want to issue a new trusted TS certificate and then what we can also do is we can enable an authentic middleware but I'm not going through this now I just want to set it up using TS and we'll talk about basic Authentication in a few minutes right okay so let's get this up and running because I think this is all we need so everything should be correct and uh let's go in this project directory and just run a doer compose up- D so this will pull down the latest image of the Loki uh container and start it so now our logging system should already be up and running that's fine and if you have grafana setup in your system by the way I'm not going through the setup of grafana in this tutorial because I've made a tutorial about it already so grafana again this is the visualizing dashboard I'm using for all the metrics and you need to go to data sources here you can see my Loki production system is running and we want to add a new data source search for Loki click on that set the URL to the fqdn so I will just uh copy the same name as I configured here with https of course so not HTT P we have no authentication method configured yet let's click on Save and test and if you configured everything correctly if CRA Lo is up and running you should see data source successfully connected now you can start visualizing the data you can start building a dashboard or you can query the data of graph Loi in the explore view so that's what we're going to do so if we go in here that's by the way on the left menu here explore so now you can uh select the data source low key and build your query but because we haven't added any data here because the graphi is completely empty we first need to send locks to it there's nothing in here I could show you so I'm going to show you that on my production system so uh let me go to Locks here and then in the data source I will select my production system so you can see what it's going to look like here you can see I have three containers that currently have sent locks to graan Loi in the last 50 minutes so if you go in here you can filter it you can also go back in time as long as you need or as long as Loki has data collected and now you can also drill deeper into this system so for example if I want to troubleshoot the arrow locks in the cloud FL D production container I can click on show locks and this will open all the relevant locks in a new window if I want to drill further into these lock lines the cool thing is in grafana you can also just Mark the time range that you want to see and then you are zooming in and you can see graphi also tries to attach a severity labels to these locks so it is important to know that this does not always work I will also show you some other examples where you cannot really see the severity level because um as I said in the beginning this is a difference between a labeled attaching system and a system like elastic search that will index everything from the locks and some Services have their own like ways of sending locks to the system some report the severity some don't some do it in a weird format or in a weird way that grafana Loki doesn't understand and so on so it is somewhat specific based on what service reports locks in which specific format but here for example this is a good example as we can see some are green but that means unknown so we don't know the severity as we can see here in the lock content these are info severities um there are warnings in here and These Warnings seem to be um interpreted as errors because it finds the word error somewhere here in the locks you can see connection terminated application error whatever that means but it seems like a network error maybe the application was down at this time and Cloud flare couldn't connect to this application now let's go back to other locks as you can see other locks might report a lot of data as for example gitlab gitlab is absolutely crazy and you can see this system is absolutely capable of handling thousands of lock lines and um yeah then you can go through the lock lines and try to find out what's going wrong but I'm not going to do that with gitlab it's working fine so I'm not going to touch it maybe we can drill into other locks here if we mark this occurrence here for example um you can see fail to Surf tunnel no network activities so this has to be a network issue but there's also a python interpreter error somewhere in my anible automation workflows so I can now go in here drill further into this here you can see the field so the labels that have been attached by the lock collectors of grafana Loki here you can see what is the docker container that reported this line what is the composed service and the composed project name and if you go to explore this is a query uh for the filters that we have applied uh via the visualization and here you can now download this and Export it to text file Json CSV and further drill into these locks and try to find out what has happened on your machine and what is going wrong you probably cannot wait to know how to send locks to this system and let's do this for our test Appliance here so as I said in the beginning there are different types of um lock collectors and I first of all want to start with the docker plugin so the docker driver client grafana Loki officially supports Docker uh with a plugin and this is probably the most simple way to send locks to grafana Loki if you're already using containerize application that just makes the most sense and it's really easy to install so you just copy this line here that will install the docker plugin on your uh machine as you can see um I already pulled down the plugin uh so when you enter Docker plugin LS you can see the Loki loging driver is already installed one thing that is important to understand here is how to configure the loging driver there are two options that you can use on how to configure this you can either configure it for each container that you're running or you can change the default logging driver in the demon. Json file of the docker engine if you do this here so you go in here and edit this demon. Json file if you're using it then all newly created doer containers will automatically send locks to graan aloki note just newly created container not existing ones so therefore I don't really like this approach because some times I also have um temporary containers running on the system something like um automation workflow Runners and things that are um frequently created and deleted so I don't want to see all these locks in My Graph Loki system I just want to see things that I care about so therefore uh my preferred option is to attach labels to each of the individual projects and let's try to do this let's go in my server because there is also a an engine X container running so this is an engine X web server and maybe I want to collect locks from that server to find out if I enable an access lock so who has access my web page or maybe if there is an error on my web server so let's switch to this um darker compos project and I just need to do one thing first of all I'm going to shut down the container um because this is a good idea to do before you make any changes to the compost file and then you just add the sections for adding a loging option and configur a new driver that you call Loki if you want so it's up to you how you call it and then configure the logging options so uh the most important option is the Lo URL so this is the URL where to send locks to if you remember we are exposing the grafana LOI service using traffic so we can basically just copy the data source URL that we've used in grafana to connect to this however it is important that you all so append the full path because grafana Loki expects locks to arrive at a specific API Endo which is uh Loki API version one push so this is a full path where you can send locks to grafana Loki and basically this would not work but there is another thing that I need to tell you and I know not many tutorials include this there is a known issue a known limitation with a logging driver if the access point where you try to send locks 2 is not available for example when you restart the traffic container or you stop grafana Loki it will run into a deadlock and this will completely makes it impossible to stop and start new containers you have to shut down the entire Docker demon and then restart everything that is really a stupid and ugly thing it is described in the documentation so this recommends um to lower the weight time for the timeouts um lower the number of retries so uh let's go back in here and make sure that we attach these options as well to our configuration and we set the mode to non-blocking so that's everything we need make sure to attach this to every container that you want to um use to send locks to Loki all right so let's save this file and let's go to my server and now we restart the enginex demon set it up so you you won't see any specific message in here you can just know if that's working when you go to grafana so remember we already added the data source so we can go to Locks and select data source let's try to refresh it and yeah there you can see the locks from the Eng server have arrived at our graphi database so if we go and drill further into this you can see these are just a few informational locks this all looks fine perfect and just like this you can just go through all of your darker containers by the way because we've used traffic to expose it securely on your entire local network it doesn't matter on which server your container is running so you can just uh append these lines here to all other containers I just want to demonstrate um how that's working in traffic for example so the traffic container is running on the same system let's also do it and by the way if you wouldn't have set up these options I would no run into this weird uh deadlock State because I would stop the traffic um container that is used to expose Loki I will append the logging uh options here save this file and then restart the traffic container and if we go in here just refresh it it should immediately work and there you see also the traffic locks are arriving so yeah if you repeat this on all your environments you have all the locks centralized in grafana Loki you can use grafana to query it visualize it you can try to to build dashboards if you like I haven't done it because I mostly go through the locks using the explore locks method I think that is totally sufficient now there is another important topic that I want to cover and address at this point because um one might think all right this is perfect I just go at all the different containers send the locks to graan Loki perfect I'm done right but just keep in mind we haven't secured the system yet we have added trusted TLS certificates we using an encrypted tunnel to send the locks to so no one in between can sniff the lock files that we're sending but anyone can still connect to grafana Loki and gather all the lock files that we are sending and this might be a big security issue because some services and application might lock weird things right so some might expose credentials in debu locks and of course we're not stopping anyone from just connecting to grafana Loki and collecting this stuff or sending a million lock fights to our system break it so therefore I think it is good to have a strong and secure authentication and if youve watched my previous videos you know that I'm using the free open source IDP provider authentic to lock in to all of my systems securely so when I want to look into grafana I need to authenticate to authentic with multiactor authentication a strong password the same I do for all the other services in here and if you've watched my um authentic Outpost video uh you should also have a great Foundation to connect to all applications you expose via traffic and protect them with a lockin form using authentic no matter where they are deployed and the cool thing in authentic is the authentic um proxy Outpost that we've covered in my last authentic tutorial this also can be used for HTTP basic authentication so you cannot just use it with a login form you can also Implement a secure machine to machine authentication what does machine to machine authentication mean actually pretty simple when you want to send locks from one machine to another machine but the machine that sends the locks has to be authenticated with a token or with a username and password and this also pretty easily possible in authentic now if you're not using authentic don't worry you can skip this step I will put time stamps in the description of the video so just skip the authentic part but just know I would strongly recommend you to set it up at some point in the future just a short recap how how you generally doing this so in traffic I have configured a middleware that is called authentic this will forward all the authentication requests to my authentic Outpost that is deployed on the same server and this authenticates each and every request and what I can do to make sure that the container is secured behind a lockin form is I attach this middleware to the individual container that I want to protect and I create an application and provider for this in authentic let's quickly do this together for grafana Loki so first of all I need to go back to my server CD into the Loki project take the compost project down so this is now stopping the container so if I go back in here you might remember I already added a template for this so I will uncomment this line make sure that the router name matches and that the middleware name matches with what you have configured here so in my case this does not match so I might have to update my temp PL so here the name of the middleware is just authentic I just need to remove the uh dash middleware at the end and call it authentic file Okay cool so now we can save but we are not done yet so we need to go to authentic of course go to the administration interface and create a new application provider and attach this to The Outpost running on the server so let's go in here application providers I'm going to create a new proxy provider that I got to call low Kei the authorization flow is implicit I I think that doesn't really matter or machine to machine communication then forward off and this is the fqdn the external address um I lazy I will just use what I have defined in the data source here so so we don't need to fill in anything into the advanced protocol settings I think this is just fine and then of course when we created a provider we also need to to create an application select the provider that we have just created and then create the application all right so now that we have the application and provider we can go to the outposts so here are all of my outposts that I have deployed for all the individual servers that are running in my home lab and uh of course we want to um protect the Loki application on the server test one so this is where grafana Loki is running and move this application to the selected apps there's nothing else we need to do just click update and now authentic will start protecting Loki we of course need to start the container up again and if you want to test if that's working what you have configured you just um open a new browser window and try to access the URL of grafana Loki and then you should be redirected to authentic so that you need to fill in a username and password to get access to the graph Loki instance so now comes the part with with the machine to machine communication because any darker container that tries to send locks to this location cannot authenticate with the username and password in here right so therefore we need to use what is called the HTTP basic authentication method in the proxy Outpost and the way how you enable this in authentic is also pretty simple you just go into the directory and go to tokens and app passwords because the proxy Outpost already accepts the http basic off you just need to create a token or a username and password for the basic authentication credentials that you're going to use in the logging driver so let's click on Create and uh we can give it an identifier so I will just call it Loki test one um uh app password whatever so this is not the username this is just the identifier and now we can select a user so actually you should create a new user for Loki and just give this user the Privileges to access just the Loki application this is probably the most secure way to do it however I'm lazy I'm just going to pick my super administrative user and will just use that for the token I still need to authenticate with a password but I in theory have all the privileges so um click on app password so we don't need a token in here and you can give it a description if you want and expire it in a specific day so this also recommended I just disabled expiring because otherwise I have to recreate all of this stuff and I don't like this so now at first I was a bit confused I I was asking myself where the hell is the password so I didn't see it yet but you just have to select the um identifier that you have just created the app password and just click on copy token so this will display the password that has been randomly generated so our username is the user that we have selected for the app password and the token that will show up in here we will test this with graph raana first so if we go back to grafana we go to data sources uh low key so now if we try to save and test without any authentication you can see unable to connect with Loki because we need to fill in the HTTP basic off luckily you can do this very easily here in authentication just go to basic authentication copy the application password or the token and then uh fill it in here as well so now we can click on save so now you definitely need the basic authentication to access the locks and also to send locks to our Loy service this is pretty cool of course we need to change the logging driver information because this is trying to send uh the locks without basic authentication but this is also pretty simple just go back to the engine X container uh just take it down and then in here just add the username after the https in here before the URL column then the application password and an ad so username column password add and then the location the URL all right let's save it and let's try if it works um let's restart the container and let's go back to graph we should see new lock entries arriving right now at the server so let's go back and engine X1 let's show the logs and yeah there you can see that this has just arrived in the last minute here that's perfect so this works of course I need to repeat the same for the traffic container as well because this is not sending any locks first of all I'm going to take the container down of course change the password in here and yep we're done now we should also see when we refresh it yeah traffic locks are also coming back all right cool uh one thing I uh will say though it's not a good idea to put the password in in the uh compost file but you can use environment variables so you can add uh password user and then add a EnV file in your project and then yeah securely store the credentials with the right uh privileges so that you don't accidentally expose the application password and user in your uh compost projects all right cool so I think there's just one more thing I wanted to show you and don't worry it's going to be simple so just another five 6 minutes maybe uh because we need to talk about promail and this is another application so this ships the content of the local locks of your server so when you go to a Linux server it's usually stored at the VAR lock location in here so there you have all kinds of server locks like the CIS lock you might have dpkg locks for the package manager in Linux you have the D messages and I think the most simple way to do this is with promp again uh there are different lock collectors it's probably going to replace with grafana Alloy at some point in the future but I think promail will stay around for a longer time here is a note promail is feature complete so all feature development will occur in grafana alloy so don't expect any updates to this agent anymore but I think it's a good way to start right so um of course I've also created a boiler plate for prom tailes so you don't need to mess around with the documentation just go in the boiler plate scroll down to promp tail and then use the compost project here again it's pretty simple because it's just a simple agent but I will create a new directory for it promp tail I will create a new compost file paste the information from my Bower plates again it expects a configuration file so um in here just creating a folder and in the boiler plates I also have prepared a simple config file that will scrape all the locks from the V lock directory so um again you can customize this um to your specific needs so you can create multiple jobs here for any application lock that is written to the disk you can also add different Target machines so connect to a different host and collect locks from a different location in a different in custom format I will just try to keep it simple and collect all the locks from V lock and store it in one job that is called vlocks but technically for better organization you might want to create a specific job for the sis lock for the D message for the package locks and attach different job labels to it but yeah this just a quick and dirty example so don't worry about it just need to change the client information so here again you can see this is the URL and um that expects username password and Loki fqdn so we will just copy it from the engine X um compose file that we have configured I think that should be fine okay and start this project it's pulling down the prom tail image starting the agent and it's immediately starting to scrape the server locks and sending it to Loki all right so that's it let's go back to grafana and see if the locks are arriving I'm just going to refresh and here they are again it's just one job for all the different locks but you still can go in here and search in the lock files for something specific if we go to labels you can see that there is a label for the file name in the file name you can filter for these specific lock there's a value for the alternatives dolog for the bootstrap dolog for the cloud init log and here we can just uh click on include or exclude so for example if you want to only see the locks from the vas CIS lock click on include let's go back to Locks here above you can see the file name filter is attached and here we only see locks that uh have been written to the VAR lock CIS loock file and this is how you can filter through all the different locks and find exactly what you're looking for and yeah I know this was quite a journey uh but I hoped it helped you to set up grafana Loki as your Central Lock management system and you know understand how to configure it to work with darker containers even at prom tail to collect system locks and the best part it is all secured with proper authentication through authentic and encryption using traffic so I'll definitely be testing this extensively in my home lab over the next months because I need to figure out a couple of other things like how large does the database actually become when I collect locks over a few months period of Time how do I set up proper retention limit so I probably want to compress the locks after a few years or I want to throw them away after 3 4 years this is what we haven't covered today so there are a lot more things that we could cover about graph analogi which are I think essentially for longterm use but I think this is at least a good way to start so if you're interested in more advanced topics like setting up alerts or configuring different data sources collect kubernetes logs for example so let me know in the comments below and of course stay tuned for future videos about grafana Loki that will definitely come out this year as always if you've made it until the end thank you so much for watching everybody a big shout out goes to the supporters and members of our community and I'll see you in the next tutorial take care bye-bye

=== Raspberry Pi: The Coolest LCD Screen Server Monitor! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzxhX0OFCl8

hey guys it's Chris Jia and today I'd like to show you these new LCD screens and the status monitor application that I'm running on my raspberry pies I've recently done this on my 3 Note Raspberry Pi kubernetes cluster that we've built together last year because honestly I think this just looks pretty cool and when you're working on the serere it is also useful to get some information about the devices if you've watched the kubernetes video you might remember I already got some LCD screens shipped by the vendor of the Ser case but for some reason these LCD screens didn't work at all so I had to order some new ones and because I couldn't find a great program that would write exactly what I wanted to see on this LCD screen I have also written my own small python script that prints some useful information about the CPU memory and dis utilization of the P but also the IP and host name of the node as well as the running Doo containers and even kubernetes pods and namespaces this python application that I've written is by the way available completely for free as a darker container so if you've got a Raspberry Pi and a small LCD screen you can just download and run it if you like of course in this video I would like to go through all of the steps you have to do to make this work so I hope you're going to enjoy it however before we start I quickly want to show you another cool application that is called remotely the sponsor of today's video remotely is a remote access tool for your work and games which is a super fast secure and Incredibly simple way to jump into your Windows PC from anywhere and it even let you play games with full 4K HDR support and 60 FPS which sounds pretty cool for all the gamers watching right now but it is also useful for sis admins OR tech support guys to control the mouse and keyboard transfer files or even record the session it is super simple to use so you can just start remotely on your computer then it generates a strong connection ID that you can use to connect to this machine which you might remember from another popular remote access tool but let me tell you remotely has a few unique advantages over similar applications first of all it allows you to set up a private relay server so that you can easily self host in your own infrastructure and it is also using modern protocols and Hardware acceleration like hvc and coding to make the connection really fast secure and efficient and the best is for home users it has a free tier for one remote session and unlimited peer-to-peer transfer in 4K resolution by the way for companies that want to use remotely for supporting their customers they also have a very cool offering allowing you to manage hundreds of devices and a flexible pay as you go pricing so if you want super simple remote access what are you waiting for just download remotely and try it out of course you will find a link to it in the description of this video all right so now let me come back to my little Raspberry Pi LCD screen Pro project as I've already said in the beginning of this video I've just connected these LCD screens to my 3 Noe Raspberry Pi kubernetes cluster that I built last year because the rec server case that I bought has a pretty cool feature it has a small enclosure where you can place a small 16x2 LCD screen connected to the Raspberry Pi's gpio so the general purpose input and output pins and this allows you to display basically anything on the screen that you want however the challenge that I had with this project was that for some reason the LCD screens that were shipped with the subber case they didn't work with the Raspberry Pi and honestly I haven't found out until today what was the actual problem with these specific models so maybe the LCD screens were broken or there was a problem with this particular model and the rasp Pi 5 I really don't know but I just wanted to get this working and therefore I just ordered new LCD screens from a different vendor that is a free no because that seems to be a brand that also does a bunch of other peripherals and accessories for the Rasberry Pi so this sounded like a good idea to me and yeah this new model then luckily just worked perfect what is also pretty interesting when you compare this LCD screen model from fre no that I got with the older LCD screens that I got with the case you can see that it is a bit different on the homepage of fre no it says that the new model integrates the conversion circuit so this seems to be this small little thing on the back of the older screens with the four pin connectors and that is responsible for the in ration of the signals that come from the Raspberry Pi and because this is now directly integrated into this new model from Freo this seems to be more reliable and it just works better however I still just want to say that if you're watching my other videos you probably know that Hardware isn't really my thing so maybe I've done something wrong with the older LCD screens and they would also work but I at least can confirm that this new LCD screen is working on my Raspberry Pi 5 by the way I've also updated the product links on on my kit page so where you can find all of the parts that I've used for the Raspberry Pi kubernetes cluster project so here you can find a direct link where you can just order these updated LCD screens from Amazon for example link is of course in the description now if you're wondering how exactly you connect the LCD screen to the Raspberry Pi actually it is pretty simple you just connect the four pins on the LCD screen to the gpio of the Raspberry Pi obviously you have to do it in the right order otherwise it doesn't work and and then you can use a simple script or program to print something out on the screen by the way what also has been super useful to find out which exact pins I have to use on the gpio I found this website here called pinout doxyz so all credits go to this incredible project here there you can very simply see what pins on the Raspberry Pi have which particular function with a great explanation and some examples in the case of my LCD screen I just had to connect the first first pin to the 5V power and the second one to the ground and the other two ones to the i2c data and i2c clock pin please don't ask me what these mean you can probably check it out on the website if you want and then if you've made the physical connection to the LCD screen you can go into the operating system and use a program to print out something on the screen I just want to quickly show you how that's working on my testing Raspberry Pi so I just open a secure connection over SSH to this Raspberry Pi by the way I'm using here the Ubuntu 2404 LTS Linux operating system so I'm not using the raspberry pi operating system so maybe some of the commands and packages are a bit different if you're using a different OS of course but if you're using Ubuntu you can basically just follow and install the package it Toc Dash tools so these are some command line utilities that you can simply use to find out whether the LCD screen has been correctly configured before we run this program you should do an mod to find out whether the kernel modules of the i2c packages are correctly loaded so if this is not the case you might have to tweak something in the operating system or in the boot loader to load these kernel modules in my case this was working in Ubuntu by default so nothing I had to do and then you can run the small program it Toc detect with a dy1 in some older tutorials I by the way I have also seen the uh- y0 so that depends on which port or pin you have connected the LCD screen to but in my case it is one if you see a 27 somewhere in the output Matrix of this command you know that the LCD screen has been correctly uh connected to the data pins uh so if you connected the wrong pins you might see a dash dash in that address here and then you know the physical connection isn't working correctly so you might have to change the pins and try out something else if you see that number here the physical connection is working and now you can use an application or software to connect to the screen using the bus and then print something out on the tunel so I also want to show you how you can do this and honestly I know there probably some cool programs you can use here and there but I think the most simple and easy way to print out something on the screen quickly is to use a small python script and don't worry if you don't know python by detail so I try to make it very simple so there are just a few lines that you need in Python to make this work but before we can do that we first of all need to install two libraries here first of all the rpcd library that will send the right instructions to the LCD screen and the SM bus 2 that is also needed for the connection and you can just simply use uh pip the package installer for python uh I'm using the quick and dirty way to Simply install it systemwide by the way of course you can also write a simple uh virtual environment for your python script and so on but I'm not going into Python Programming today just want to make it simple here and then we just want to create a new test.py file where we can start writing our python script okay so the first line we have to write is we first of all need to import the third party Library so from the RP LCD um i2c Library we need this here the character LCD object and uh then we want to create a new instance of that object and here we need to fill in some information about the screen so first of all we need to add the it Toc expander so I think this is a model of the LCD screen I found that the PCF 8574 is the model that I'm using so this will work for a 60 X2 LCD screen the one from free no that I got and then we need to fill in the address so this is the address on the bus where the LCD screen is connected in my example it is a 27 so remember 27 is the number from the output of the I Toc tools command I've connected this to a port one and then we need to Define how many characters and how many rows this LCD screen has so just that you know there are different LCD screens around but the ones that fit into my server rase are the 60x two LCD screens so uh we need to define the columns with 60 characters and two rows and also set the dot size to eight so I think this is everything that we need to define the LCD screen as an object that we can use and then we now can use instructions first of all I want to execute the LCD do clear function because if you print something on the terminal by another program that will still remain on the screen even if the program was exited so if you want to refresh the screen you always have to do an LCD do clear and then you can start writing something with the LCD do write string function so here you can print any character um that is in the mapping table of this object here you can also Define custom characters by the way but if you want to print out something simple you can just use a hello world for example and yeah that's everything you need to print something on the screen so now to run the Python program you just enter Python 3 test.py and run it and if you've installed everything correctly you can see hello world is now displayed on the screen so this is pretty cool right and if you're a bit familiar with Python Programming you can basically just write your own python script to maybe query some information on the operating system put that in a variable and then write this uh variable um using the LCD riding function and so on and yeah that's basically what I've done I just want to show you the project that I'm currently working on by the way in the description you will also find a link to this GitHub repository so at the time of recording this video this is still a private repository but I will make this public once I publish the video so you can basically just um yeah check the source code in here I've also written a small read me file that will tell you how to use this script so you don't have to download and run this python script by yourself you can just um use the doer container to Simply run it on your Raspberry Pi and I quickly want to show you how to do this because I've um added an an example uh darker compost file here so this is a compost project that you can use to deploy it here you will find the image and download the latest version of the image and yeah maybe let's do this together on my Raspberry p just want to create a new um directory that I just call LCD demo and uh let me just open this in my code editor let's connect over SSH to the Raspberry Pi so now we are in the folder of the remote Raspberry Pi here I just want to create a new file that is called compost. yl and here we can basically just copy and paste everything from the example compos project on the GitHub repository and then we need to pass in a few volumes here so first of all this is a file that is only available when you're using a kubernetes cluster on this Raspberry Pi so in my kubernetes project that has a k3s yml cube config file so in here there are the credentials located so that the container can connect to the kubernetes cluster to uh print out some information about it so if you're not running kubernetes on your rber Pi you can basically ignore this also if you're not running Docker on the raspber pie you can also ignore it and it can also print out the temperature of the CPU of the Raspberry Pi so therefore I need this Mount Point here and there's also a configuration file that we have to create so this tells the Raspberry p LCD status monitor what configuration or what monitors it should print out what is the delay and so on and we of course have to mount the device the i2c on Port one so the LCD screen to The Container so that it can access it and print out some information and then we start the uh container automatically if we reboot the system unless it is stopped so I think this is a pretty simple compost file if you're familiar with my other darker tutorials in my videos you probably know how this is working if not I've made some beginner videos about Docker and Docker compost so definitely check it out I'll link you that in the description but yeah so um that's basically everything uh of course now we you still need a config file so I'm creating a new directory called config and a new config file config do yl and of course I've also created an example config file that you can use on the giup repository so here just copy and paste everything so this will uh basically tell the small python script to run the system monitor so this will show the CPU utilization in memory if you don't want it to print the memory utilization you can set this variable to fals if you like so then it's just printing out CPU utilization but I usually like to have both so set this to true and the disk monitor will print out the uh dis size and the utilization of the dis the server info monitor will show the IP address of the eth0 interface so in here you can put a different name if you have a different name of the interface usually by default it is it is 0 so if you run an IPA you should see the different IP addresses and maybe if you have a different Wi-Fi IP of the RAS P that you want to show give it the name of the VLAN interface for example but the eth zero should be the default and of course I want the LCD screen to print out this IP address so that's um why I put the corresponding uh interface name in here the container monitor will try to connect to the docker socket that we Mount uh to this container and tries to gather the running and the stopped container so this will print out some information about that the temperature monitor will try to read the temperature from this location in here and the kubernetes monitor tries to load the cube config file file to connect to the kubernetes cluster and print some information technically you could also give it a different Cube config file with a different IP address and so on so you could connect to a remote kubernetes cluster and print some information on the screen uh but yeah I've developed it in a way that it tries to connect to the locally uh configured cluster by using this Cube config file so I'm disabling this here for now because I don't need this on my testing rest Pi it doesn't have a kuber NES cluster running in here so simply deactivate activate what you don't want this uh monitor to print and the delay is the time in seconds so maybe uh if you want to increase that so that the statistics uh stay a bit longer on this screen and change the number to any delay that you want all right so now we got everything that we need uh we got the docker compost file we got the config file so now we go back to the terminal and go into the LCD demo project and I hope that I've installed Docker in here oh yes so that's running and then we can basically just um execute the darker compos UPC comat all right so now this is pulling down the latest version of the image if I create an updated version so maybe I will change a few things maybe I'll add another monitor to it I will publish a new image to this get up repository and then you just need to repo the latest version again and start it so we just have to wait a bit yeah no so now the monitor has started and yeah you can see it prints something on the screen so here for example you can see the host name the IP address and these other running darker containers by the way so you should also see in the locks if it connected to the docker client successfully and yeah if it found one running and zero stopped containers obviously this is the restas LCD status container that is running on the system but if you got more darker containers it will just show you the numbers of the running and the stopped containers on the system I think this is pretty cool and also the temperature works so yeah here you can get some useful information by the way this is how it looks in my Raspberry Pi kubernetes cluster so here you can see all the three raspberry Dev display the information that I've configured in the config file as I can see they have a slightly a different delay I don't know why exactly this is happening but yeah you see they just Loop through the configured monitors and yeah there's honestly nothing more to say about it I hope you enjoyed it and maybe it might be useful to some of you and yeah thank you so much for watching Everybody of course I will catch you in the next video take care bye-bye

=== ZimaCube + ZimaOS, new HomeLab dream team? ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpq1UWeSEWA

hey guys it's Chris J here and today I'd like to talk about the zma cube Pro this is really an interesting device for Tech enthusiasts and it nerds like us or if you're into building home servers and Nest devices last year I already took a look at the Prototype of the Zac Cube base model and now ice whale has sent me the final version of the stronger Zac Cube Pro which has even a faster CPU more memory better interfaces and I've also tested the updated version of zema OS that comes pre-installed on this device now so if you're wondering whether the zma Q Pro Plus zma OS will be the new dream team for home lab and self hosting well I'm going to give you my two cents on that and as a short teaser zma Q Pro is incredible and also the OS has improved as well so there's a lot we have to talk about let's get started all right so first of all let's talk about the hardware specs so the zma cube comes in three different versions the regular zma Cube that has an Intel n100 chip on board with four cores and 16 GB of memory that is kind of the same setup that I'm using on my do-it-yourself storage server by the way but if you want to build a bigger and faster server there's also the bigger zma Cube Pro so the device that I'm testing today and this comes with a much faster CPU a 12th generation Intel Core i5 with 10 cores which can also be upgraded to 64 GB of memory with two 32 GB memory modules in addition to the faster CPU and more memory support than the regular Zac Cube it also has more and faster interfaces like it has a PCI Express expansion slot in the fourth generation and one in the third generation that is great for putting additional controller cards maybe adding a graphics card there's by the way no need for adding a 10 GB network card in here because the zma cube Pro also has one on board which is one of my favorite features that also many users wanted to be added to the zma cube and this is really great to see that ice wh has listened to the user's feedback because now you have two two .5 GB ethernet ports and one 10 GB ethernet port which offers plenty of options for connecting the zeq pro to your home network and just like the regular zma Cube this has six hard drive Bays for 3.5 in magnetic hard drives or 2.5 in ssds whatever you want to put into this thing and furthermore it also has a seventh Bay which is really cool because this offers up to four M2 nvme slots which is absolutely amazing the zacu pro even has a faster connect to this Bay providing up to 3,200 mb per second read and ride speed which is perfect for building a super fast storage based on nvme drives and if you'd like to put this thing on your desk and connect it to a Mac or any other computer that you using you also have funold 4 this is probably the most interesting feature for me because I might continue just using it as a storage expansion device on my desk for the Mac if I find some space for it so yeah that's probably going to be the biggest problem I have to solve but overall I think it's fair to say you get a really nice package here for about $1,100 at least at the time of recording this video and that all in a tiny gorgeous and high quality Case however if you've watched my previous videos about the Zac Cube prototype you might remember I had a few things to criticize here for example the build quality of the front panel was poor the fans in this case were very noisy and it didn't come with the latest version of their Zemo it had some older version of Kazo installed however my overall verdict on the Prototype was already quite good and it's nice to see that the final version of the zma cube pro has addressed all these issues they updated the case fans they sent me an additional CPU Cooler to keep the stronger CPU running smooth and Silent overall the device still produces some noise but it's absolutely okay so you can definitely put this thing on your desk the panel in front of the hard drive B still isn't perfect in my opinion because it's terrible to open that was also the case with the Prototype and they hadn't changed that but I think they at least improved the manufacturing process or the materials of the front panel a bit so it definitely feels a bit more worthy and yeah you can also just leave it off because it got new hard drive cages and they just look fantastic in my opinion so I just like the design without this front panel to be honest honestly I don't know if I can find anything else to criticize about the hardware really as you can hear I'm a very very excited about it but now let's talk about the pre-installed system zos because that was by far the biggest issue I had with the zma cube until now but quite a bit time has passed between the Prototype test and today has zema made use of their time I would say yes Zima OS has definitely grown up to a modern and stable alternative to other Nas operating systems the developers have made huge improvements to it and they continue to add more and more features to enhance it with the latest version 1.3 of zimo os that I've tested it is a very stable and fast and nice looking system it now has a raid functionality that is usable so this is probably the biggest innovation in this system just makes the most sense in a device like this and it also has a brand new user experience for it so where you can inspect the details of your disc and create redundant storage pools in a nice and easy way what I personally like the most is when you're using this operating system in a Zea Cube so that's what it is made for Ze o shows you a great overview of the physical discs and in which base they are located that is really nice and they also improved the buildin file manager a lot the automated F upgrading procedure just works Flawless now and furthermore you can configure most of the critical settings of the device now in the settings menu in the web UI just like the network interfaces IP settings remote access that all wasn't there in the Prototype version and now it's great to see that we have this functionality what has already been great in zmoos beta versions and also the older Kaza OS system the App Store and the deployment of applications that was always great because you can simply install and run uh containerized applications on this operating system I think there are also more applications and containers in the store now which you can just deploy with a oneclick option or configure custom settings with a nice and clean configuration menu that looks great and is important to us because most of us home La NS will prefer running applications containers these days and of course a must have in a device like this but what is also cool you can now run virtual machines in the Z with the new zvm manager and the amazing CPU in the zacu Pro it just know makes a lot of sense to spin up some vir machines with Windows or Linux operating systems besides your zma OS of course it doesn't have all of the advanced features in and setting so you can't really compare this to a proxmox or anything like this but it's a great start and I would say that zos with their operating system is definitely on the right path however I also have to point out there are some areas in the system just like with the zbm settings for example where it still needs some work so especially if you're looking for advanced features they might be missing so for people that want to customize a lot of things or if you're interested in features like NFS um setting granular access control and permissions or ZFS file systems those things are still missing in zos and honestly I'm not sure if they will be added in the near future because the focus of zmoos in my opinion seems to lie more on these small home lab and personal environments which makes a lot of sense because that's where you would want to buy such a thing so you probably want to use it as a small Home Server Nest that you can put on your desk beside your workstation and where you can just store backups and files run a few applications maybe nexcloud build a Plex server or adding one or two virtual machines so this is where zos and the zacu pro I think they really shine and if you want to build a super fast professional storage server well the zma Q Pro is great from the hardware specs and where zimo is still missing the features that you want it's not really a big deal because you can just install a different operating system on this zma Q Pro as well it's totally compatible with a ton of operating systems like you can install Linux you can install Windows maybe even tress andr and and other operating systems that you like and since it just works like any other computer it is super easy and simple to install a different operating system on this thing but I think this is probably interesting for people that just want to get the most out of the zma Q Pro hardware and want to build a super fast storage server for their home labs for just building a simple N I think zma OS is in a good shape and overall the zma Q Pro I have to say I really like this thing yeah these are my thoughts on the new zma Q Pro now it's your turn so please tell me what do you think about it I hope this video helped out to find whether this device might be something for you and as always many thanks for watching Everybody a big Thanks goes out to the members and supporters of my channel and I'm going to catch you in the next video take care bye-bye

=== Let’s migrate from Terraform to OpenTofu! ===
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xstFUuFt5Q0

hey everybody it's Christian and today I'm showing you how I've migrated my infrastructure is codes tools and setup to open tofu the new open source alternative to hashy Corps terraform that's currently Making Waves in the community if you've been following the changes with Hashi cobs licensing for terraform you know things have shifted from being a free and open source model to a business source license that already happened in late 22 and created plenty of discussions and concerns among users and if you're wondering why the hell it took me so long to make the switch from terraform to open tfu well there are two reasons for this and I just want to quickly explain the first the license change in terraform actually didn't have such a huge impact on us and users to be honest yeah you can still use terraform for free if you like and second I was a bit skeptical about this new project open tfu who knows if it will become the widely accepted solution in the industry because let's be honest they are free and open source enthusi yes they like to grow crazy about stuff like this when it happens but just because a tool that you're using is making a license change which doesn't really affect you I mean this isn't enough in my opinion to immediately migrate all of your production environments and that's why I was a bit relaxed about it and I took my time to see how both projects terraform an open to for evolve and how they diverge in the future but after more than one and a half year since the license change of hhic cop I think we can definitely say that open to is consistently working hard to become this widely adopted alternative to terraform and it has made huge progress and many more users seem to switch to it now and even though they didn't really tell the actual numbers of the user base yet they really got a lot of traction recently they got over 20,000 stars on GitHub over 150 contributors and they are still 99% compatible with the terapon project implementing nearly all of the new features hash cob is adding after the license change and furthermore they regularly even come up with their own new features that are not existing in terraform mainly driven by the community and users of this tool and I just love this aspect so much because people that use this tool can actually say what features they' like to see in the future in open tofo and it's not just because a few big customers of hhic cob pay for new terapon features I know this is quite a long introduction but this is a whole thought process that made me finally switching to it but I want to make this clear before we start with the tutorial so just because I'm switching from ter to open t for it doesn't mean that you have to stop using terraform immediately and again terraform is still available for free and it's a great tool that is still used in the industry also the way you work with OP tofu is basically 99% the same so it's just a different tool and a different backend platform that you might see in some of the terminal commands that I'm using from now on and speaking about tools that I'm using and what you might see changing in future videos let's talk about browsers I know everybody has their own personal preference and favorite when it comes to browsers but for a few weeks I've been playing around with Opera that recently got a brand new release called Opera 1r2 that has many cool features it now has an absolutely gorgeous look supporting dynamic themes for a truly modern browsing experience it also comes with a new player integration that lets you control your music and videos without interrupting your other activities a nice video pop out feature that is just great for watching YouTube videos or what is also super useful to me when I'm working on video tutorials or software projects and I need to have multiple documentation Pages open at the same time the new split screen mode there are many of these great ideas that I think make your day-to-day workflow a lot easier not to forget the intuitive tab grouping because Tech notes like us we love to have a 100 different tabs open in the browser this is an outstanding feature and it also has new AI on board the AI command line feature let you ask questions while it's stay staying on the same web page it can even summarize the web page that you're currently browsing or you can continue the prompt in chat mode where you have the context of the web page this is really a useful feature in a browser to me and it also does image generation and image recognition so I absolutely love the browsing experience in Opera so far and you should definitely try it out yourself of course as a browser this is completely free without any catch so just download it see if you like it of course you will find a link to it in the description of this video down below below all right so now let's go back to my other favorite tool open to for and let us go in a bit more detail on this don't worry we'll go through using the tool and migrating a terraform State file to open tofu in a minute I think it is just important to say that open tofu and terraform are feature-wise very similar until the version 1.6 but in future releases there will be a few changes on new things in open tofo existing that might not be there in terraform and vice versa one of the biggest questions you might have now is what happens to the terraform registry because this is the heart and core of the terraform infrastructures code tool so that you can integrate and support third party providers and plugins and connect terraform to basically any other system that you like and op tofo also has something similar that is called the open tofa registry and just because those two projects are so similar to each other you will find 99% of the terraform registry plugins in the open tofo registry as well so for example if you're searching for something like DNS you can see that even the Hashi Corps DNS provider is in here and you can use it exactly the same way like in terraform so I would say like the vast majority of tools that are existing in the terraform registry also exist in the open tofu registry yes there might be the one or another tool that is a bit different and of course vendors and users can write providers for just open tofu so that are not existing in terraform but honestly I haven't seen many of these so at at least the providers that I'm using for automating my DNS records or automating Pro boox even if you don't find that specific provider here in the open t for registry you can just import it the same way like it is described in the terraform registry and most of the time it will run without any problems however it is always a good idea to follow this migration guide so this is very specific depending on which version you're using uh in uh terraform so I have used the migration guide from version 1.8 of perform to open tofo but I think it is very similar so I will just use the updated uh guide and let's go through a very simple example project so in this uh project I'm using a simple DNS provider this is the provider from hhic cop that I'm using to manage and automate the creation of my DNS records in my local home lab by the way if you haven't watched the video I also put you a link to that in the description box so here I have the terraform file that defines resources I have the provider files where I'm creating the VAR and defining the settings for the providers so this is how your projects should look like maybe just a bit bigger and more resources managed here what you should always do if you're migrating these tools is prepare a disaster recovery plan so that's first step or the preparation step so if anything goes wrong with open to for that you can roll back or go back to terraform if you need and yeah if you have done uh the backup you need to make sure that you have applied all of the changes in your Terr project so there are no difference between what is defined in the code and with your real infrastructure so when you execute the command you should see there are no changes because I've already added uh this resource and then you just have to download and install open tofu just follow the instructions for installing it on Linux or Mac I think on Mac you can just install it through home brew it's very simple and yeah then again back up your terraform State file and of course the code files so you have a valid backup of everything you should see those files in here you have to do terraform folder so that is where the provider files are downloaded you have the lock file and the terraform State file so those are all of the important files that you should definitely back up the terraform State file contains basically the database of all the resources that you have created in your terraform project so this is very important you also need to make sure that you're not running into some weird issues with some of these small differences between op too terraform so mostly this just involves encoded here vars and encoded Expressions most of you guys will not use these features I'm not using them either so that's not a big problem what you should take care of though is when you're using backends so for example if you're uh storing the TF State file not on your local device but in gitlab for example or maybe on an S3 bucket there might be some other steps involved that you have to do but for the local projects it's very simple you can just uh initialize the open t for project and that automatically will do the migration for you use so when you execute the tofu command and you just initialize the project this will then download the terraform provider again and install it with the open Toof system and now if you try to execute a terraform command again you can see there is an inconsistent dependency lock file but you can just use the Toof for command just like terraform so when you execute plan it should already know that this resource is existing on my infrastructure so you don't need to delete and recreate your resources again this is really really simple and just like a an in place update so to speak here it also says even though there are no changes in your infrastructure you should run the Teru apply command so let's just do that and then you can upgrade to the latest open tofu version so if you're using an older version of terraform you probably should migrate to the open tofo version that is equivalent with that version so that you make sure that it is all compatible and working and after that you can upgrade your tool and initialize the upgrad providers and if you want to roll back to terraform and you have any problems you can still try to do the terraform init command and do basically the same uh just the other way around and then it should also work again however it's good to have a backup if anything FS you can just restore your old files and it should be okay by the way you should also take care of that if you migrate your local environment and tools that you should of course also migrate all of your cicd pipelines so that you're not using terraform on the one environment and open tof on the other environment that again as you have seen will not work so you have to migrate all of your environments if you're doing this step but it's actually pretty simple for example when I go to my DNS project you can see the uh CI code that I've created by the way don't worry this will be a topic in a future video it will take me a bit more time to research this and yeah make a great tutorial about it but gitlab cic CD will definitely be a big topic on this channel and yeah as I can see here I'm also using the tofu command in all of the um ICD pipeline commands here as well and you can basically just use it the same way you just need to make sure that if you're using any Docker images that spawn a new Runner process then you of course don't use terraform and you can just use the official open tofu Docker images for your cicd pipelines as well that's all about open tofu one thing you might ask yourself now is okay Christian so this all seems nice you can easily migrate and so on but should I actually do this migrate from ter from to open Tofu for all of my environments honestly I can just say there's no hurry to migrate in most of the cases yeah because if you might be a reseller that has been affected by the initial license change of terraform well you already know about it and you already have migrated so this probably is only important to people that are still using it in home laap or maybe in some smaller environments the impact of the license change is very minimal if it ever has any impact on you and also the new features open to for has there are not really so many features that would justify the switch on its own I think this is more a quest question of what you like to support personally so do you want to use a tool that is free in open source and only Community Driven and then I think open tofu is an amazing infrastructure is code project that you should use yeah terraform on the other hand this is more Enterprise ready it's more used in the IT industry and so on and if you're in a company that uses Hashi cob products maybe teram cloud services and Hashi cob Vault and so on terraa might be just right tool that you're using in this environment but it doesn't really hurt to check out open to4 and play around with it in your home lab or on your workstation the cool thing is you don't need to learn an entirely different platform or tool is the same syntax and 99% of the features are the same but yeah these are my thoughts about it I'm happy to hear yours so please let me know in the comments what do you think about open tofu and terraform as always thank you so much for watching a big Thanks goes out to all of the supporters on patreon and YouTube and don't forget to like And subscribe I'm going to check you in the next video take care bye-bye

